Following the live feature ban on TikTok in Kenya, Moringa School's Product Design (UI/UX) students are leading a captivating case study
to make TikTok safer and more age-appropriate, especially for younger users. Their mission is to revamp the app for the Kenyan market,
addressing pressing needs. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. With the constant threat of cyberattacks and data breaches,
organizations are constantly on the lookout for skilled professionals who can safeguard their digital assets. Explore the various
cybersecurity certifications and career pathways available to aspiring professionals. Most Preferred Corporate Training Institution 2021
Enroll now for theFebruary 12th, 2024intake Moringa Named as World Technology Pioneers in 2021 For sure Moringa school has really
contributed a lot to my profession. First by equipping me with the proper knowledge and skill needed in the current industry. The process
of them linking you to the employers made everything even better by giving us a smooth transition to the industry in terms of getting a
job without any stress. Enrolled Students Intake is ongoing for theFebruary 26th, 2024Class When I joined Moringa School, I was quite
overwhelmed at first because it’s fast-paced and it’s not like the traditional learning model I was used to. Here we have Technical
Mentors who guide you through the curriculum and are there if you need any help. They encourage you to think for yourself, take initiative
and they guide you with your own learning pace. See, I’m not a math person but I managed to do this as I’m surrounded by very smart and
passionate people who always support me. Through support and consistent practice, I have been able to understand the concept of Data
Science and apply it in various scenarios. It’s actually a very interesting and fun concept as here, we’re able to experiment with
different, real-life data sets. Our Career Day events and recruitment drives have helped over 85% of our core graduates find meaningful
employment within 6-months post-graduation New Program Alert! A New Full-Stack Software Development Course by Moringa and Flatiron
SchoolSee Details Employer Partners 3000+ We believe that quality education should be accessible to all who want to learn regardless of
their financial circumstances. Your Moringa education will now be made affordable and accessible through a number of Student Financing
options such as Loans and Partial Scholarships. The digital and data revolution provides massive opportunities for finance functions and
accounting professionals as you will understand in Stephen's story. Enjoy the read! 300+ Before Moringa School, I was a computer science
student but then I decided to join a coding boot camp to gain practical skills. After the program, I did so well that I got an offer to
join as a technical mentor. Life for me has never been the same since them. I love coding and would definitely encourage more girls to
join the program. Higher Education Tech Leader 2021 In Moringa we are transforming the way tech education is done in African Markets.All
our programs are delivered through a blended learning approach that combines market-aligned courses, a classroom team of talented mentors
with the skills and knowledge to deliver growth and results for learners, and an environment that supports student creativity, job market
preparation in a fun, open, and transformative learning experience. We celebrate our diversity and value strong, professional
relationships that help our students build their futures with greater confidence, capability, and possibility. 85% Applications have been
closed Moringa school helped me in so many ways, but I think the most important one is the data science pipeline(in a nutshell). I am now
able to do analysis projects with ease. I am now working for Eneza Education, an ed-tech company as a Business Intelligence Engineer. Yes!
I would suggest the course to anyone who would want to pursue Data Science. I developed an interest in Data Science and I started looking
at options on where I could do it. Moringa School came to mind because I had heard of so many good reviews about their programs. My
initial expectation was that I would be here to learn more about exploratory data analysis and understand more about machine learning
using R. The quality of our programs and their impact on learners is a direct reflection of who we are and our ability to consistently
meet the objectives we set for our students. In the age of cloud computing, data safety is a top priority for people and organizations.
Cloud security is an ongoing activity, and staying vigilant in opposition to emerging threats and evolving technology is fundamental to
safeguarding your information within the cloud. Through market-aligned skills training, we help learners build new career possibilities
with greater confidence and capability. Moringa listed among the most promising EdTech startups from Sub-Saharan Africa by HolonIQ Let’s
embark on a journey into the enchanting realm of SQLAlchemy, where Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) adds a layer of magic to database
interactions. We’ll unravel the secrets of configuring Mapped Classes, the wizards behind the scenes. Understanding ORM Mapped Classes In
SQLAlchemy, Mapped Classes serve as the bridge between the world of objects in your […] 4000+ Applications for this course have been
closed. Discover how Michael Munavu, a Moringa School graduate, is revolutionizing agriculture through innovative technology. Explore his
inspiring journey and the impact of his digital transformation on farming practices in this captivating article A lot of newbie designers
misunderstand the terms UI and UX to mean the same thing and often use the two words interchangeably. The first step to creating life-
changing user experiences using digital products is to understand the difference between these two terms. So let’s dive right in! User
Experience (UX) At the crux of […] Edtech Leader Moringa has launched a comprehensive suite of training courses in Artificial Intelligence
for the student and professional market to build on its diverse range of offerings including Full full-stack software Engineering, Data
Science, UI/UX Product Design, Cybersecurity, DevOps, etc. Enroll now for theMarch 18th, 2024intake Book Your Seat forFebruary 26th, 2024
Graduates Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) is a technique that lets you query and manipulate data from a database using an object-oriented
paradigm. When talking about ORM, most people are referring to a library that implements the Object-Relational Mapping technique, hence
the phrase “an ORM”. An ORM library is a completely ordinary library written in your language of choice that encapsulates […] Employment
Rate Intake is ongoing for theFebruary 26th, 2024Class Applications for this course have been closed. Enroll now for theMarch 18th,
2024intake Book Your Seat forFebruary 26th, 2024 Application ongoing for theMarch 25 2024intake © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. Next Intake starts onFebruary 12th, 2024 Enroll now for theFebruary 12th, 2024intake  You’ll master Flask, a Python web
framework, before using it to create their own JSON API along with scalable front ends with React, creating slick, functional, and
interactive applications. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. You’ll gain a thorough understanding of back end development basics,
while learning a new language, Python. Next, learners will get comfortable with object-oriented programming and storing information in
databases using SQL and object relational mapping. Front-end developers create websites and applications that match user needs and
expectations. Back-end developers create the logic that instructs applications on how to interpret user input and what feedback to give to
the user after executing the submitted request. Intake is ongoing for theFebruary 26th, 2024Class Our Full Stack Software Engineering
Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can become a full-stack developer. It’s a more extensive
course of study than the average school offers but our goal is to teach you more than simply knowing how to code The Full-Stack Software
Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies using Python. Roles include designing the structure of
websites and apps, optimising for mobile devices, and creating features that promote ease of use. FlatIron School Find out the pacing
options available, price, and more information about this course; It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply
code but how to learn and tackle novel problems. By the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. Students explore
version control using git commands including cloning, branching, merging, rolling back commits, forking, and submitting pull requests.
Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux Frameworks. This Course is curated for those who want
to:Avoid the daily commute by studying from homeLearn with a diverse community of African studentsBuild and style interactive websites &
web applications Africa’s top Tech Bootcamp – Moringa School teams up with America’s Top Tech Bootcamp – Flatiron School, to bring you
this 23-week Software Engineering Course that puts you on the path to career freedom! Students master the basic building blocks of how the
web is rendered and become fluent in the language that makes the web beautiful. They additionally learn how to conceive of and build UIs
for web apps by writing well-structured HTML and CSS. JavaScript powers the user experience of the web. Students learn the basics of
JavaScript syntax, its functional architecture, and dierent approaches to the object model. Students then learn the Document Object Model
(DOM) Javascript API provided by the browser to dynamically interact with HTML. Students use native “vanilla” JavaScript (versus a
library). Students then explore the popular Javascript framework React. USD 1740 (Ksh 174,000)Installment plans are available onthe
installment plans document To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge that
you’re given. In our program, you’ll hone communication and collaboration skills, and you’ll become part of the technical community as you
build and share a Github portfolio. Front-end developers are good in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other front-end frameworks and
technologies They are good at creating algorithms that fetch and manipulate data stored in database systems using backend frameworks like
Ruby, Python, and SQL. This Course is curated for those who want to: Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask,
JSON, and Redux Frameworks.The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies
using Python.It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and tackle novel problems. By
the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. 23 Weeks Learners will experience ReactJS, a component-based
JavaScript framework, and have the opportunity to pick up key industry skills by building a project that interacts with an API The program
completes with a large-scale group project that will be guided by your technical instructor. You’ll receive plenty of instructor feedback
along the way while diving deep into various advanced technologies needed to bring your concepts to life. Practical Hands-on LearningGet
job-ready with practical, hands-on learning. You’ll learn the in-demand market languages and skills, labs, and real-world portfolio
development.Technical Mentorship Schedule1:1s with your instructor to work on technical concepts, plan out your pacing or check-in about
your program milestones.Learn in CommunityYou may be learning online, but you’re not alone. You can schedule 1:1s with your instructor for
added guidance 3. 1:1Career Coaching and Graduate SupportReceive career coaching and job-hunting support for up to 12 months post
graduation To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge you are given.
Communication and collaboration skills, building a project portfolio on Github, and being part of the tech community are some additional
aspects of becoming a successful software engineer. Kickstart your journey with us. Become acertified professionalin the most exciting
careers of today and tomorrow Become a Moringa Certified Software Developer and enjoy up to 12 months of alumni support from our Career
Services Department.  You’ll master Flask, a Python web framework, before using it to create their own JSON API along with scalable front
ends with React, creating slick, functional, and interactive applications. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. You’ll gain a
thorough understanding of back end development basics, while learning a new language, Python. Next, learners will get comfortable with
object-oriented programming and storing information in databases using SQL and object relational mapping. Front-end developers create
websites and applications that match user needs and expectations. Back-end developers create the logic that instructs applications on how
to interpret user input and what feedback to give to the user after executing the submitted request. Intake is ongoing for theFebruary
26th, 2024Class Our Full Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can
become a full-stack developer. It’s a more extensive course of study than the average school offers but our goal is to teach you more than
simply knowing how to code The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies
using Python. Roles include designing the structure of websites and apps, optimising for mobile devices, and creating features that
promote ease of use. FlatIron School Find out the pacing options available, price, and more information about this course; It is an
extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and tackle novel problems. By the end of your course,
you will graduate as a full-stack developer. Students explore version control using git commands including cloning, branching, merging,
rolling back commits, forking, and submitting pull requests. Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and
Redux Frameworks. This Course is curated for those who want to:Avoid the daily commute by studying from homeLearn with a diverse community
of African studentsBuild and style interactive websites & web applications Africa’s top Tech Bootcamp – Moringa School teams up with
America’s Top Tech Bootcamp – Flatiron School, to bring you this 23-week Software Engineering Course that puts you on the path to career
freedom! Students master the basic building blocks of how the web is rendered and become fluent in the language that makes the web
beautiful. They additionally learn how to conceive of and build UIs for web apps by writing well-structured HTML and CSS. JavaScript
powers the user experience of the web. Students learn the basics of JavaScript syntax, its functional architecture, and dierent approaches
to the object model. Students then learn the Document Object Model (DOM) Javascript API provided by the browser to dynamically interact
with HTML. Students use native “vanilla” JavaScript (versus a library). Students then explore the popular Javascript framework React. USD
1740 (Ksh 174,000)Installment plans are available onthe installment plans document To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and
able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge that you’re given. In our program, you’ll hone communication and collaboration skills,
and you’ll become part of the technical community as you build and share a Github portfolio. Front-end developers are good in HTML, CSS,
JavaScript, and other front-end frameworks and technologies They are good at creating algorithms that fetch and manipulate data stored in
database systems using backend frameworks like Ruby, Python, and SQL. This Course is curated for those who want to: Course IncludesHTML,
CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux Frameworks.The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End
and Front-End programming technologies using Python.It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to
learn and tackle novel problems. By the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. 23 Weeks Learners will experience
ReactJS, a component-based JavaScript framework, and have the opportunity to pick up key industry skills by building a project that
interacts with an API The program completes with a large-scale group project that will be guided by your technical instructor. You’ll
receive plenty of instructor feedback along the way while diving deep into various advanced technologies needed to bring your concepts to
life. Practical Hands-on LearningGet job-ready with practical, hands-on learning. You’ll learn the in-demand market languages and skills,
labs, and real-world portfolio development.Technical Mentorship Schedule1:1s with your instructor to work on technical concepts, plan out
your pacing or check-in about your program milestones.Learn in CommunityYou may be learning online, but you’re not alone. You can schedule
1:1s with your instructor for added guidance 3. 1:1Career Coaching and Graduate SupportReceive career coaching and job-hunting support for
up to 12 months post graduation To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge you
are given. Communication and collaboration skills, building a project portfolio on Github, and being part of the tech community are some
additional aspects of becoming a successful software engineer. Kickstart your journey with us. Become acertified professionalin the most
exciting careers of today and tomorrow Become a Moringa Certified Software Developer and enjoy up to 12 months of alumni support from our
Career Services Department.  You’ll master Flask, a Python web framework, before using it to create their own JSON API along with scalable
front ends with React, creating slick, functional, and interactive applications. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. This Course
is Curated for those who want to:Have in-person meetups with Technical Mentors & other studentsBuild and style interactive websites & web
applicationsHave the requisite skills for a career in software development This Course is Curated for those who want to: You’ll gain a
thorough understanding of back end development basics, while learning a new language, Python. Next, learners will get comfortable with
object-oriented programming and storing information in databases using SQL and object relational mapping. Front-end developers create
websites and applications that match user needs and expectations. All students are required to complete an introductory pre-work one week
before the start of class. During pre-work, students will get accustomed to our online learning management system (Canvas), set up their
computing environment, and familiarise themselves with the basics of the programming languages that will prepare them for day 1 of the
program. Back-end developers create the logic that instructs applications on how to interpret user input and what feedback to give to the
user after executing the submitted request. Intake is ongoing for theFebruary 26th, 2024Class Our Full Stack Software Engineering
Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can become a full-stack developer. It’s a more extensive
course of study than the average school offers but our goal is to teach you more than simply knowing how to code The Full-Stack Software
Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies using Python. Find out the pacing options available,
price, and more information about this course. Roles include designing the structure of websites and apps, optimising for mobile devices,
and creating features that promote ease of use. FlatIron School 2000 USD (Ksh 200,000)Installment plans are available on thisinstallment
plans document It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and tackle novel problems. By
the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. Students explore version control using git commands including
cloning, branching, merging, rolling back commits, forking, and submitting pull requests. Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript, React,
SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux Frameworks. Africa’s top Tech Bootcamp – Moringa School teams up with America’s Top Tech Bootcamp –
Flatiron School, to bring you this 23-week Software Engineering Course that puts you on the path to career freedom! Students master the
basic building blocks of how the web is rendered and become fluent in the language that makes the web beautiful. They additionally learn
how to conceive of and build UIs for web apps by writing well-structured HTML and CSS. JavaScript powers the user experience of the web.
Students learn the basics of JavaScript syntax, its functional architecture, and dierent approaches to the object model. Students then
learn the Document Object Model (DOM) Javascript API provided by the browser to dynamically interact with HTML. Students use native
“vanilla” JavaScript (versus a library). Students then explore the popular Javascript framework React. To grow as a software engineer, you
must be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge that you’re given. In our program, you’ll hone communication and
collaboration skills, and you’ll become part of the technical community as you build and share a Github portfolio. Front-end developers
are good in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other front-end frameworks and technologies They are good at creating algorithms that fetch and
manipulate data stored in database systems using backend frameworks like Ruby, Python, and SQL. Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript,
React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux Frameworks.The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End
programming technologies using Python.It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and
tackle novel problems. By the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. 23 Weeks Learners will experience ReactJS,
a component-based JavaScript framework, and have the opportunity to pick up key industry skills by building a project that interacts with
an API The program completes with a large-scale group project that will be guided by your technical instructor. You’ll receive plenty of
instructor feedback along the way while diving deep into various advanced technologies needed to bring your concepts to life. Practical
Hands-on LearningGet job-ready with practical, hands-on learning. You’ll learn the in-demand market languages and skills, labs, and real-
world portfolio development.Technical Mentorship Schedule1:1s with your instructor to work on technical concepts, plan out your pacing or
check-in about your program milestones.Learn in CommunityYou may be learning online, but you’re not alone. You can schedule 1:1s with your
instructor for added guidance 3. 1:1Career Coaching and Graduate SupportReceive career coaching and job-hunting support for up to 12
months post graduation To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge you are
given. Communication and collaboration skills, building a project portfolio on Github, and being part of the tech community are some
additional aspects of becoming a successful software engineer. Kickstart your journey with us. Become acertified professionalin the most
exciting careers of today and tomorrow Become a Moringa Certified Software Developer and enjoy up to 12 months of alumni support from our
Career Services Department.  If you have a unique app idea and entrepreneurial spirit, you can start your own mobile app development
company or join a tech startup as a co-founder. The Software Engineering Mobile Track is designed to equip individuals with the skills and
knowledge necessary to excel in the field of full-stack mobile development with a specialization in portable device solutions. In a world
where mobile devices have become an integral part of our daily lives, this track provides a comprehensive and up-to-date curriculum to
prepare students for a successful career in mobile software engineering. Break (Easter) © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved.
Quality assurance (QA) testers are responsible for testing mobile apps to identify and report bugs, usability issues, and performance
problems. They play a critical role in ensuring the quality of the final product. 23 weeks Students aspiring to become mobile app
developers.Junior developers looking to specialize in mobile development.IT professionals seeking to transition into mobile application
development.Entrepreneurs interested in creating their own mobile apps. This is the most common role in mobile development. Mobile app
developers specialize in creating applications for either Android (using Java or Kotlin) or iOS (using Swift or Objective-C) platforms.
They are responsible for designing, coding, testing, and maintaining mobile applications. In essence, mobile development is about
leveraging technology and data to bridge the gap between human needs and digital solutions. It’s the means by which we transform concepts
into user-friendly applications that not only meet user expectations but also contribute to the success of organizations and businesses in
our increasingly mobile-centric world. Many mobile developers choose to work as freelancers or consultants. They can take on projects for
various clients and enjoy flexibility in their work schedules. Find out the pacing options available, price, and more information about
this course; Mobile development, often referred to as app development, is the process of designing and building applications for mobile
devices. It is the art and science of transforming ideas into tangible digital experiences tailored specifically for smartphones and
tablets. Instructor led remote classes Cross-platform developers use frameworks like React Native to build applications that can run on
both Android and iOS with a single codebase. This approach can be cost-effective for companies and offers developers the ability to work
on multiple platforms. Unlock Your Potential in Mobile App Development If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the
place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum.Project-based
learningTechnical Mentor SupportInteractive workshops and group discussionsAccess to a dedicated online platform for course materials and
resources.Access to a global community of learners all over Africa Mobile development, often referred to as app development, is the
process of designing and building applications for mobile devices. It is the art and science of transforming ideas into tangible digital
experiences tailored specifically for smartphones and tablets.Similar to creating any masterpiece, mobile development involves a
combination of creative design, coding expertise, and seamless integration of various components. From crafting intuitive user interfaces
to building robust back-end functionality, mobile developers work to provide users with a seamless and engaging experience.In essence,
mobile development is about leveraging technology and data to bridge the gap between human needs and digital solutions. It’s the means by
which we transform concepts into user-friendly applications that not only meet user expectations but also contribute to the success of
organizations and businesses in our increasingly mobile-centric world. Mobile development was previously outside the skills of web
developers. In this course, you’ll learn to build a mobile app using JavaScript. First, you’ll explore setting up your development
environment and learn the fundamentals of application development. Next, we’ll discover how to create a component(feature) and use the
core components provided by the React Native library. Finally, you’ll learn how to compile your project into an app that can be loaded on
an actual device and distributed through both the Android and iOS app stores. This course covers JavaScript and the front-end framework
React. You’ll also learn to create hybrid mobile applications, using the React Native framework. On the server side, you’ll learn to
implement NoSQL databases using MongoDB, work within a Node.js environment and Express framework, and communicate to the client side
through a RESTful API. Flexible installment plans are available Book Your Seat forFebruary 26th, 2024 Our course offers a unique blend of
theoretical understanding and practical application, empowering you to: Mobile product managers oversee the development and launch of
mobile apps. They bridge the gap between development teams and business stakeholders, ensuring that the app aligns with the company’s
goals and user expectations. Students are required to dedicate 23 weeks to learning for them to succeed in this course. If you are in
search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical
and comprehensive curriculum. Experienced mobile developers can transition into roles as technical writers or trainers, where they create
documentation, tutorials, or courses to help others learn mobile development. Ksh 174, 000 Students are required to dedicate 23 weeks to
learning for them to succeed in this course.8 hours of study from 8 am-5 pm23 weeks Similar to creating any masterpiece, mobile
development involves a combination of creative design, coding expertise, and seamless integration of various components. From crafting
intuitive user interfaces to building robust back-end functionality, mobile developers work to provide users with a seamless and engaging
experience. Have basic computer skills.Proficiency in English – both spoken and written.Must have a computer or laptop ( core i5 – i7, 8GB
RAM, 500GB memory).All classes are fully online. You are required to have access to stable internet.Must have a desire and curiosity to
learn.Availability to attend all classes Our course offers a unique blend of theoretical understanding and practical application,
empowering you to:Stay Ahead of the Curve– Mobile technology evolves at lightning speed. Our curriculum keeps pace with the latest trends,
frameworks, and best practices, ensuring you’re always one step ahead.Expert Guidance– Learn from industry experts who bring their real-
world experience into the classroom. Benefit from their mentorship and insights, setting you up for success.Hands-On Learning– Theory is
essential, but practice makes perfect. Dive into coding exercises, collaborate on projects, and see your skills in action.In-Demand
Skills– Stand out in a competitive job market with skills that are in high demand. Mobile app developers are sought after in various
industries, and we’ll prepare you to excel.Career Support– Our commitment doesn’t end with the program. We provide career support to help
you build your resume, prepare for interviews, and connect with potential employers.  You’ll master Flask, a Python web framework, before
using it to create their own JSON API along with scalable front ends with React, creating slick, functional, and interactive applications.
All students are required to complete an introductory pre-work one week before the start of class. Find out the pacing options available,
the price, and more information about this course. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Become a Moringa Certified Software
Engineer and enjoy up to 12 months of alumni support from our Career Services Department after graduation. All students are required to
complete an introductory pre-work one week before the start of class. During pre-work, students will get accustomed to our online learning
management system (Canvas), set up their computing environment, and familiarise themselves with the basics of the programming languages
that will prepare them for day 1 of the program. Flatiron School Back-end developers create the logic that instructs applications on how
to interpret user input and what feedback to give to the user after executing the submitted request. Intake is ongoing for theFebruary
26th, 2024Class Our Full Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can
become a full-stack developer. It’s a more extensive course of study than the average school offers but our goal is to teach you more than
simply knowing how to code The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies
using Python. It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and tackle novel problems. By
the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. Practical Hands-on LearningGet job-ready with practical, hands-on
learning. You’ll learn the in-demand market languages and skills, labs, and real-world portfolio development.Technical Mentorship1:1s with
your instructor to work on technical concepts, plan out your pacing or check-in about your program milestones.Learn in CommunityYou may be
learning online, but you’re not alone. You can schedule 1:1s with your instructor for added guidance.Career Coaching and Graduate
SupportReceive career coaching and job-hunting support for up to 12 months post-graduation. Students will engage in 20-25 hours of
learning weekly including one 3-hour lecture per week.You can either join live lectures or watch recordings as your schedule allows2-3
hours of learning online each weekday(Evenings)8-10 hours of online learning on weekendsYou will have 1:1 sessions with your
instructorAdditional helpdesk support on Saturdays from 9am to 12pm EAT USD 2, 000 (Ksh 200,000)Installment plans are available on
thisinstallment plans document Students explore version control using git commands including cloning, branching, merging, rolling back
commits, forking, and submitting pull requests. Course IncludesHTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux
Frameworks. During pre-work, students will get accustomed to our online learning management system (Canvas), set up their computing
environment, and familiarise themselves with the basics of the programming languages that will prepare them for day 1 of the program.
Students master the basic building blocks of how the web is rendered and become fluent in the language that makes the web beautiful. They
additionally learn how to conceive of and build UIs for web apps by writing well-structured HTML and CSS. Become acertified
professionalinthe most exciting careersof today and tomorrow To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn and
adapt, no matter the challenge that you’re given. In our program, you’ll hone communication and collaboration skills, and you’ll become
part of the technical community as you build and share a Github portfolio. You’ll gain a thorough understanding of back-end development
basics, while learning a new language, Python. Next, learners will get comfortable with object-oriented programming and storing
information in databases using SQL and object-relational mapping. Front-end developers are good in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other front-
end frameworks and technologies 30 Weeks They are good at creating algorithms that fetch and manipulate data stored in database systems
using backend frameworks like Ruby, Python, and SQL. Africa’s top Tech Bootcamp – Moringa School partners with America’s Top Tech Bootcamp
– Flatiron School, to bring you a part-time Software Engineering Course that puts you on the path to career freedom! Course IncludesHTML,
CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, Flask, JSON, and Redux Frameworks.The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End
and Front-End programming technologies using Python.It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to
learn and tackle novel problems. By the end of your course, you will graduate as a full-stack developer. Working professionals who would
like to study in the evening as they learn coding skills.University graduates who would like to gain practical experience in the
workplace.High school graduates looking to get into the tech field.University students who want to supplement their degree while
studying.Tech entrepreneurs who want to learn new languages and skills. Learners will experience ReactJS, a component-based JavaScript
framework, and have the opportunity to pick up key industry skills by building a project that interacts with an API The program completes
with a large-scale group project that will be guided by your technical instructor. You’ll receive plenty of instructor feedback along the
way while diving deep into various advanced technologies needed to bring your concepts to life. JavaScript powers the user experience of
the web. Students learn the basics of JavaScript syntax, its functional architecture, and different approaches to the object model.
Students then learn the Document Object Model (DOM) Javascript API provided by the browser to dynamically interact with HTML. Students use
native “vanilla” JavaScript (versus a library). Students then explore the popular Javascript framework React. Front-end developers create
websites and applications that match user needs and expectations. Roles include designing the structure of websites and apps, optimizing
for mobile devices, and creating features that promote ease of use. To grow as a software engineer, you must be agile and able to learn
and adapt, no matter the challenge you are given. Communication and collaboration skills, building a project portfolio on Github, and
being part of the tech community are some additional aspects of becoming a successful software engineer. Kickstart your journey with us.
Online  Data Science Jobs are among the most sought-after roles according to Linkedin reports. At the end of this phase, students will be
able to use skills to collect, organize and visualize data with the goal of providing actionable insights. Students will go through
training with our professional development trainers in Project Management and Career Readiness. Now more than ever, industries are
leveraging data to monitor behaviors and trends. Data Scientists are equipped with the knowledge of how to make use of data, tell a story,
and derive insights for businesses. In order for businesses to succeed in this day and age, they need Data Scientists to fill the gaps,
use data to set business goals, and find opportunities that could not be considered were it not for the data insights. © 2024 Moringa
School. All rights reserved. 25 weeks Enroll now for theFebruary 12th, 2024intake Flatiron School The credits are rolling on a movie
you’ve just concluded watching and Netflix automatically queues the preview for another movie that you might like; You’re doing some
online shopping on Jumia and while scrolling down the product description, you notice a section that says “Most popular” that has the same
product from different vendors at different prices; this is Data Science at work and businesses are always looking for talented
individuals to help them analyze and draw actionable insights from their data in order to make informed business decisions. In your final
project, learners work individually or in groups to apply the technical and soft skills training and knowledge. Students will be required
to create a large-scale data science and/or machine learning project. This final project provides an in-depth opportunity for you to
demonstrate your learning accomplishments and get a feel for what working on a large-scale data science project is really like. Students
will go through training with our professional development trainers in Leading self and working with others. Students will go through
training with our professional development trainers in Communicating for Impact & Entrepreneurial Thinking. To become a data scientist,
you will need some understanding of Software Engineering fundamentals, Statistics, and the ability to apply all the knowledge in new and
dynamic domains. This phase of the course focuses on a variety of Data Science techniques. Students learn about unsupervised learning
techniques like clustering and dimensionality reduction. Students will be introduced to threading and multiprocessing to be able to work
with big data. In doing so, you’ll learn about PySpark and AWS, and how to use those tools to build a recommendation system. You’ll also
learn about deep learning, neural networks and how to perform sentiment analysis. In this phase, students learn about machine learning
with a heavy focus on supervised learning. For starters, learners get into regression analysis and a new form of regression — logistic
regression. In building regression models, students also learn penalization terms, preventing overfitting through regularization, and
using cross-validation to validate regression models. Online | Mon to Fri from 8am – 5pm During orientation, you learn more about Moringa,
our policies, learning model, learning platform, classroom structure, and learning schedule. In this phase, students will be introduced to
fundamentals of python for Data Science. You’ll learn how to use Jupyter Notebooks, and will be familiarized with popular Python libraries
that are used in data science such as Numpy and Pandas. To organize your data, you’ll learn about data structures, relational databases,
ways to retrieve data, and the fundamentals of SQL for data querying structured databases. Furthermore, you will learn how to access data
from various sources using API’s and perform Web scraping. Our Data Science course will teach you the technical and soft skills that will
have you adapt faster, learn how to learn, and stay relevant in the industry for a long time. You will also learn about Dat Science
Principles, and Software Engineering principles and dive deep into python programming. This is a course for the passionately curious that
want to work with Data to: In phase 2, students learn about the fundamentals of probability theory like combinations and permutations.
They also learn about statistical distributions and how to create samples, then apply this knowledge by running A/B experiments. At the
end of this phase students will be able to build their first data science model using linear regression. Being a data scientist entails
dealing with all aspects of a project. Often, in big companies, team leaders in charge of people with specialized skills are data
scientists; their skill set allows them to overlook a project and guide them from start to finish. At the end of this phase, students will
be able to build and implement the most important machine learning techniques. Become aHot Assetin the most in-demand career pathways in
tech of the 21st century The Data Science pre-work covers introductory Data Science concepts. By the end of pre-work you will be prepared
to dive into the course material and you will be at the same level with your coursemates. They need to test ecosystems for the businesses
and prepare them for data scientists to run their algorithms. In short, they make sure that the data is ready to be processed and analyzed
Ksh 174,000 ( USD 1740 )Download fees installment plans on theData Science Full-time fees installation plans document Data analysts are
responsible for different tasks such as visualizing, transforming and manipulating the data. Sometimes they are also responsible for web
analytics tracking and A/B testing analysis. All applicants need to meet the criteria outlined below to gain admission and succeed in the
25 weeks program:- Data Storytelling lies right in the middle of pure, raw data and human communication. A data storyteller needs to take
on some data, simplify it, focus it on a specific aspect, analyze its behavior, and use his insights to create a compelling story that
helps people better understand the data. Find out the pacing options available, price, and more information about this Data Science Course
at Moringa. Students get a 1 week break to relax and boost energies to complete the remaining modules. This is a course for the
passionately curious that want to work with Data to:Help businesses leverage data for innovation and successInnovate and predict future
trends in business and other industriesLearn how to analyze data, and provide data-driven insights to make decisionsElevate their careers
or switch to Data Science in as little as 25 weeks  Data Science Jobs are among the most sought-after roles according to Linkedin reports.
At the end of this phase, students will be able to use skills to collect, organize and visualize data with the goal of providing
actionable insights. Students will go through training with our professional development trainers in Project Management and Career
Readiness. Now more than ever, industries are leveraging data to monitor behaviors and trends. Data Scientists are equipped with the
knowledge of how to make use of data, tell a story, and derive insights for businesses. In order for businesses to succeed in this day and
age, they need Data Scientists to fill the gaps, use data to set business goals, and find opportunities that could not be considered were
it not for the data insights. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. 25 weeks Enroll now for theFebruary 12th, 2024intake Flatiron
School The credits are rolling on a movie you’ve just concluded watching and Netflix automatically queues the preview for another movie
that you might like; You’re doing some online shopping on Jumia and while scrolling down the product description, you notice a section
that says “Most popular” that has the same product from different vendors at different prices; this is Data Science at work and businesses
are always looking for talented individuals to help them analyze and draw actionable insights from their data in order to make informed
business decisions. In your final project, learners work individually or in groups to apply the technical and soft skills training and
knowledge. Students will be required to create a large-scale data science and/or machine learning project. This final project provides an
in-depth opportunity for you to demonstrate your learning accomplishments and get a feel for what working on a large-scale data science
project is really like. Students will go through training with our professional development trainers in Leading self and working with
others. In-person & Online | Mon to Fri from 8am – 5pm To become a data scientist, you will need some understanding of Software
Engineering fundamentals, Statistics, and the ability to apply all the knowledge in new and dynamic domains. Students will go through
training with our professional development trainers in Communicating for Impact & Entrepreneurial Thinking. This phase of the course
focuses on a variety of Data Science techniques. Students learn about unsupervised learning techniques like clustering and dimensionality
reduction. Students will be introduced to threading and multiprocessing to be able to work with big data. In doing so, you’ll learn about
PySpark and AWS, and how to use those tools to build a recommendation system. You’ll also learn about deep learning, neural networks and
how to perform sentiment analysis. In this phase, students learn about machine learning with a heavy focus on supervised learning. For
starters, learners get into regression analysis and a new form of regression — logistic regression. In building regression models,
students also learn penalization terms, preventing overfitting through regularization, and using cross-validation to validate regression
models. Become ahot assetin the most in-demand career pathways in tech of the 21st century During orientation, you learn more about
Moringa, our policies, learning model, learning platform, classroom structure, and learning schedule. In this phase, students will be
introduced to fundamentals of python for Data Science. You’ll learn how to use Jupyter Notebooks, and will be familiarized with popular
Python libraries that are used in data science such as Numpy and Pandas. To organize your data, you’ll learn about data structures,
relational databases, ways to retrieve data, and the fundamentals of SQL for data querying structured databases. Furthermore, you will
learn how to access data from various sources using API’s and perform Web scraping. Ksh 200, 000Download fee installment plans on theData
Science Full-time Hybrid fees installation plans document Our Data Science course will teach you the technical and soft skills that will
have you adapt faster, learn how to learn, and stay relevant in the industry for a long time. You will also learn about Dat Science
Principles, and Software Engineering principles and dive deep into python programming. See below the pacing options available, price, and
more information about this Data Science Course at Moringa. This is a course for the passionately curious that want to work with Data to:
In phase 2, students learn about the fundamentals of probability theory like combinations and permutations. They also learn about
statistical distributions and how to create samples, then apply this knowledge by running A/B experiments. At the end of this phase
students will be able to build their first data science model using linear regression. Being a data scientist entails dealing with all
aspects of a project. Often, in big companies, team leaders in charge of people with specialized skills are data scientists; their skill
set allows them to overlook a project and guide them from start to finish. At the end of this phase, students will be able to build and
implement the most important machine learning techniques. The Data Science pre-work covers introductory Data Science concepts. By the end
of pre-work you will be prepared to dive into the course material and you will be at the same level with your coursemates. They need to
test ecosystems for the businesses and prepare them for data scientists to run their algorithms. In short, they make sure that the data is
ready to be processed and analyzed Data analysts are responsible for different tasks such as visualizing, transforming and manipulating
the data. Sometimes they are also responsible for web analytics tracking and A/B testing analysis. All applicants need to meet the
criteria outlined below to gain admission and succeed in the 25 weeks program:- Data Storytelling lies right in the middle of pure, raw
data and human communication. A data storyteller needs to take on some data, simplify it, focus it on a specific aspect, analyze its
behavior, and use his insights to create a compelling story that helps people better understand the data. Students get a 1 week break to
relax and boost energies to complete the remaining modules. This is a course for the passionately curious that want to work with Data
to:Help businesses leverage data for innovation and successInnovate and predict future trends in business and other industriesLearn how to
analyze data, and provide data-driven insights to make decisionsElevate their careers or switch to Data Science in as little as 25 weeks
This Data Science course is for the passionately curious that want to work with Data to:Help businesses leverage data for innovation and
successInnovate and predict future trends in business and other industriesLearn how to analyze data, and provide data-driven insights to
make decisionsElevate their careers or switch to Data Science in as little as 35 weeks Data Science Jobs are among the most sought-after
roles according to Linkedin reports. Students will go through training with our professional development trainers in leading self, working
with others, project management, career readiness, communicating for impact & Entrepreneurial Thinking At the end of this phase, students
will be able to use skills to collect, organize and visualize data with the goal of providing actionable insights.  Now more than ever,
industries are leveraging data to monitor behaviors and trends. Data Scientists are equipped with the knowledge of how to make use of
data, tell a story, and derive insights for businesses. In order for businesses to succeed in this day and age, they need Data Scientists
to fill the gaps, use data to set business goals, and find opportunities that could not be considered were it not for the data insights.
At the end of this phase students will be able to build and implement the most important machine learning techniques. 35 weeks Ksh 200,000
( USD 2000 )Download fees installment plans on theData Science Part-time fees installation plans document © 2024 Moringa School. All
rights reserved. Students get a 1-week break to relax and boost energies to complete the remaining modules. The Data Science pre-work
covers introductory Data Science concepts. By the end of pre-work, you will be prepared to dive into the course material and you will be
at the same level as your coursemates. Flatiron School The credits are rolling on a movie you’ve just concluded watching and Netflix
automatically queues the preview for another movie that you might like; You’re doing some online shopping on Jumia and while scrolling
down the product description, you notice a section that says “Most popular” that has the same product from different vendors at different
prices; this is Data Science at work and businesses are always looking for talented individuals to help them analyze and draw actionable
insights from their data in order to make informed business decisions. Live & Online | Mon to Fri from 6pm – 9pm | Saturdays from 9am –
6pm This phase of the course focuses on a variety of Data Science techniques. Students learn about unsupervised learning techniques like
clustering and dimensionality reduction. Students will be introduced to threading and multiprocessing to be able to work with big data. In
doing so, you’ll learn about PySpark and AWS, and how to use those tools to build a recommendation system. You’ll also learn about deep
learning, neural networks, and how to perform sentiment analysis. In your final project, learners work individually or in groups to apply
the technical and soft skills training and knowledge. Students will be required to create a large-scale data science and/or machine
learning project. This final project provides an in-depth opportunity for you to demonstrate your learning accomplishments and get a feel
for what working on a large-scale data science project is really like. To become a data scientist, you will need some understanding of
Software Engineering fundamentals, Statistics, and the ability to apply all the knowledge in new and dynamic domains. Our Data Science
course will teach you the technical and soft skills that will have you adapt faster, learn how to learn, and stay relevant in the industry
for a long time. In this phase, students learn about machine learning with a heavy focus on supervised learning. For starters, learners
get into regression analysis and a new form of regression — logistic regression. In building regression models, students also learn
penalization terms, preventing overfitting through regularization, and using cross-validation to validate regression models. Find out the
pacing options available, price, and more information about the Part-time Data Science Course at Moringa. During orientation, you learn
more about Moringa, our policies, learning model, learning platform, classroom structure, and learning schedule. You will also learn about
Dat Science Principles, and Software Engineering principles and dive deep into python programming. At Moringa we guarantee you a unique
learning experience and curriculum design. We deliver a cutting-edge and comprehensive curriculum by offering you:- They need to test
ecosystems for the businesses and prepare them for data scientists to run their algorithms. In short, they make sure that the data is
ready to be processed and analyzed. All applicants need to meet the criteria outlined below to gain admission and succeed in the 35 weeks
program:- Being a data scientist entails dealing with all aspects of a project. Often, in big companies, team leaders in charge of people
with specialized skills are data scientists; their skill set allows them to overlook a project and guide them from start to finish. Become
aCertified Data Scientistwith access to 12 months of Graduate Support to land your next career opportunity once you complete your course
work. In this phase, students will be introduced to the fundamentals of python for Data Science. You’ll learn how to use Jupyter
Notebooks, and will be familiarized with popular Python libraries that are used in data science such as Numpy and Pandas. To organize your
data, you’ll learn about data structures, relational databases, ways to retrieve data, and the fundamentals of SQL for data querying
structured databases. Furthermore, you will learn how to access data from various sources using APIs and perform Web scraping. Enroll now
for theMarch 18th, 2024intake Data analysts are responsible for different tasks such as visualizing, transforming and manipulating the
data. Sometimes they are also responsible for web analytics tracking and A/B testing analysis. Data Storytelling lies right in the middle
of pure, raw data and human communication. A data storyteller needs to take on some data, simplify it, focus it on a specific aspect,
analyze its behavior, and use his insights to create a compelling story that helps people better understand the data. In phase 2, students
learn about the fundamentals of probability theory like combinations and permutations. They also learn about statistical distributions and
how to create samples, then apply this knowledge by running A/B experiments. At the end of this phase, students will be able to build
their first data science model using linear regression. This Data Science course is for the passionately curious that want to work with
Data to:Help businesses leverage data for innovation and successInnovate and predict future trends in business and other industriesLearn
how to analyze data, and provide data-driven insights to make decisionsElevate their careers or switch to Data Science in as little as 35
weeks Data Science Jobs are among the most sought-after roles according to Linkedin reports. Students will go through training with our
professional development trainers in leading self, working with others, project management, career readiness, communicating for impact &
Entrepreneurial Thinking At the end of this phase, students will be able to use skills to collect, organize and visualize data with the
goal of providing actionable insights.  Now more than ever, industries are leveraging data to monitor behaviors and trends. Data
Scientists are equipped with the knowledge of how to make use of data, tell a story, and derive insights for businesses. In order for
businesses to succeed in this day and age, they need Data Scientists to fill the gaps, use data to set business goals, and find
opportunities that could not be considered were it not for the data insights. At the end of this phase students will be able to build and
implement the most important machine learning techniques. 35 weeks Ksh 200,000 ( USD 2000 )Download fees installment plans on theData
Science Part-time fees installation plans document © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Students get a 1-week break to relax and
boost energies to complete the remaining modules. The Data Science pre-work covers introductory Data Science concepts. By the end of pre-
work, you will be prepared to dive into the course material and you will be at the same level as your coursemates. Flatiron School The
credits are rolling on a movie you’ve just concluded watching and Netflix automatically queues the preview for another movie that you
might like; You’re doing some online shopping on Jumia and while scrolling down the product description, you notice a section that says
“Most popular” that has the same product from different vendors at different prices; this is Data Science at work and businesses are
always looking for talented individuals to help them analyze and draw actionable insights from their data in order to make informed
business decisions. Live & Online | Mon to Fri from 6pm – 9pm | Saturdays from 9am – 6pm This phase of the course focuses on a variety of
Data Science techniques. Students learn about unsupervised learning techniques like clustering and dimensionality reduction. Students will
be introduced to threading and multiprocessing to be able to work with big data. In doing so, you’ll learn about PySpark and AWS, and how
to use those tools to build a recommendation system. You’ll also learn about deep learning, neural networks, and how to perform sentiment
analysis. In your final project, learners work individually or in groups to apply the technical and soft skills training and knowledge.
Students will be required to create a large-scale data science and/or machine learning project. This final project provides an in-depth
opportunity for you to demonstrate your learning accomplishments and get a feel for what working on a large-scale data science project is
really like. To become a data scientist, you will need some understanding of Software Engineering fundamentals, Statistics, and the
ability to apply all the knowledge in new and dynamic domains. Our Data Science course will teach you the technical and soft skills that
will have you adapt faster, learn how to learn, and stay relevant in the industry for a long time. In this phase, students learn about
machine learning with a heavy focus on supervised learning. For starters, learners get into regression analysis and a new form of
regression — logistic regression. In building regression models, students also learn penalization terms, preventing overfitting through
regularization, and using cross-validation to validate regression models. Find out the pacing options available, price, and more
information about the Part-time Data Science Course at Moringa. During orientation, you learn more about Moringa, our policies, learning
model, learning platform, classroom structure, and learning schedule. You will also learn about Dat Science Principles, and Software
Engineering principles and dive deep into python programming. At Moringa we guarantee you a unique learning experience and curriculum
design. We deliver a cutting-edge and comprehensive curriculum by offering you:- They need to test ecosystems for the businesses and
prepare them for data scientists to run their algorithms. In short, they make sure that the data is ready to be processed and analyzed.
All applicants need to meet the criteria outlined below to gain admission and succeed in the 35 weeks program:- Being a data scientist
entails dealing with all aspects of a project. Often, in big companies, team leaders in charge of people with specialized skills are data
scientists; their skill set allows them to overlook a project and guide them from start to finish. Become aCertified Data Scientistwith
access to 12 months of Graduate Support to land your next career opportunity once you complete your course work. In this phase, students
will be introduced to the fundamentals of python for Data Science. You’ll learn how to use Jupyter Notebooks, and will be familiarized
with popular Python libraries that are used in data science such as Numpy and Pandas. To organize your data, you’ll learn about data
structures, relational databases, ways to retrieve data, and the fundamentals of SQL for data querying structured databases. Furthermore,
you will learn how to access data from various sources using APIs and perform Web scraping. Enroll now for theMarch 18th, 2024intake Data
analysts are responsible for different tasks such as visualizing, transforming and manipulating the data. Sometimes they are also
responsible for web analytics tracking and A/B testing analysis. Data Storytelling lies right in the middle of pure, raw data and human
communication. A data storyteller needs to take on some data, simplify it, focus it on a specific aspect, analyze its behavior, and use
his insights to create a compelling story that helps people better understand the data. In phase 2, students learn about the fundamentals
of probability theory like combinations and permutations. They also learn about statistical distributions and how to create samples, then
apply this knowledge by running A/B experiments. At the end of this phase, students will be able to build their first data science model
using linear regression.  No prior experience in programming is required. Data visualization skills are required for many jobs in the data
analysis and statistics professions.Data visualization specialists are in high demand by companies working with Big data.Learning data
visualization techniques is important for professionals in finance, marketing, health, insurance, business analytics, and statistics. Any
time you are tasked with communicating information from data, whether it’s to an audience of coworkers, clients, or customers, you will
need to know how to most effectively present your findings. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for
you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum.Project-based learningAccess to
large data sets & real-world business case studiesTechnical Mentor SupportLive instructor classesAccess to a global community of learners
all over AfricaCareer Guidance © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Students are required to dedicate 12 weeks to learning for them
to succeed in this course. Students that enroll in this course are not expected to have any prior experience in coding. By the end of this
course, learners will have a solid foundational understanding of Python programming and practical experience working with the most popular
data science libraries such as Pandas and Matplotlib to import, explore, clean, manipulate, and visualize datasets in order to identify
trends and insights from large data sets. Flatiron School Students will work in teams to support each other in the development of their
first python visualization project. Students will be expected to prepare a presentation on the insights derived from the visualizations
they created. In order to gain access to the world of freely available data, we must learn its language. No prior coding experience is
expected for this course. We’ll start with the bare basics and work our way up from there. Find out the pacing options available, price,
and more information about this course. Have basic math skills.Have basic computer skills.Proficiency in English – both spoken and
written.Must have a computer or laptop with the following specs ( core i5 – i7, 8GB RAM, 500GB memory).Must have a desire and curiosity to
learn.No prior experience in programming is required. This course is designed for non-technical students seeking programming skillsin
Python with an interest in gathering, synthesizing, and story-telling with data.Are you interested in learning more about python, data
science, or data visualizations?Are you interested in the rapidly expanding world of data science?Then you are fit for this course. Sign
up and start learning. Build up from the basics of Pandas to develop skills isolating data of interest by grouping, sorting, filtering,
etc. This will be an opportunity to review basic statistics concepts through continued python practice. Identify use cases for various
visualizations (Scatter Plots, Bar Graphs, Histograms, etc.) and utilize our budding python skills to create simple visualizations Learn
about what an API is and how you can connect to them to access publicly available data to merge with your existing dataset. Data
visualization is the graphic representation of data analysis to achieve clear and effective communication of results and insights drawn
from data. One of the key skills of a data scientist is the ability to tell a compelling story, visualizing data and findings in an
approachable and stimulating way. Learning to leverage software tools to visualize data takes you a step closer to becoming a good data
scientist. Understand the challenges associated with missing data and implement methods of dealing with them. Also, If you have always
wanted to learn python programming for Data Science, this is a good foundational course for you. The Data Visualization Course is beginner
friendly. Then you are fit for this course. Sign up and start learning. This course is designed for non-technical students seeking
programming skillsin Python with an interest in gathering, synthesizing, and story-telling with data. Introduce Pandas DataFrames and
learn how to import data and explore various statistics with simple commands. Live & Online | Part-Time Evening Classes Ksh 35,000
Applications for this course have been closed. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We
guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum. Students are required to dedicate 12
weeks to learning for them to succeed in this course.1 weekly lecture from a technical mentor8-10 hours per week of self-learningWeekly
projectsWeekly 1:1 sessions with your Technical Mentors/ InstructorsAdditional helpdesk support is available on Saturdays from 9 am to 12
pm E.A.T Students will take an approved dataset of their choosing and enrich it by merging it with externally sourced data. Using this
enriched dataset, students will prepare a full visual analysis presentation exploring the features of the data and presenting valuable
insights. Now that we’ve gained some understanding of the basic building blocks of python, let’s use them to solve beginner computational
thinking challenges. 12 Weeks  © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Security ConsultantInformation security analystNetwork Security
EngineerComputer Forensics InvestigatorEthical HackerSecurity Software Developer Flatiron School Are you new to the world of cybersecurity
as a professional, or just interested in getting started in this industry? This introductory course is for you. For 12 weeks learners
explore topics in cybersecurity like cyber threats, and cyber intelligence while gaining practical insight into governance, risk &
compliance. At the end of the course, you will earn a certificate of completion from Moringa and be well-prepped to take up the exams for
the Certificate in Cybersecurity from (ISC)², the world’s leading cybersecurity professional organization known for the CISSP. Find out
the pacing options available, price, and more information about this course. Moringa is one of the most successful tech boot camps in
Africa. Join us and get top-tier learning & student experience.Practical hands-on learningAccess to industry-relevant cybersecurity labs &
projectsDedicated Technical mentor supportGraduates earn a certificate upon completion of the courseExam preparation for the Certificate
in Cybersecurity from (ISC)², the world’s leading cybersecurity professional organization known for the CISSP.Access to industry networks
through tech events, networking forums & the alumni community Next Intake starts onFebruary 12th, 2024 12 weeks Our curriculum is created
by a leading boot camp from the USA – Flatiron School, and verified by Cybersecurity experts with years of real-world industry experience.
When you join our 12-week Cybersecurity prep course, you’ll be supported by certified technical mentors. Have basic computer
skills.Proficiency in English – both spoken and written.Must have a computer or laptop ( core i5 – i7, 8GB RAM, 500GB memory).All classes
are fully online. You are required to have access to stable internet.Must have a desire and curiosity to learn.Availability to attend all
classes. If you are a recent graduate or an ongoing student and looking to start your career in cybersecurity you are encouraged to apply
and start. No one is left out – even if you are switching from another IT field this is the right course for you! Students will be
required to be online Mondays – Thursdays from 6.00 pm – 9.00 pm. A 1 -hour lecture will be delivered then deep dive into the course for
the remainder of the time. Additional hours and support will be availed on Fridays & Saturdays. Moringa is one of the most successful tech
boot camps in Africa. Join us and get top-tier learning & student experience. This course will take you from 0 to an experienced junior
cyber specialist with industry-relevant & practical skills. You will be taken through exam preparation sessions for the Certificate in
Cybersecurity from (ISC)², the world’s leading cybersecurity professional organization known for the CISSP. Ksh 35,000 At the end of the
course, learners have an opportunity to take an exam for the Certificate in Cybersecurity from (ISC)², the world’s leading cybersecurity
professional organization known for the CISSP. Part Time Classes Online Classes every Mon – Thursdays from 6.00 pm – 9.00 pm ( live
lectures, self-learning and Technical Mentor Support available) This course will take you from 0 to an experienced junior cyber specialist
with industry-relevant & practical skills.Career readiness– explore job trends and position yourself for a prospective job as the
cybersecurity industry continues to grow.Upskill in a new field– Learn what cybersecurity is and its potential impact on you & understand
the most common threats, attacks, and vulnerabilities. Also, gain insights into how businesses protect their operations from attacks.Job
Opportunities– There is a huge demand for Cyber Security experts from cybersecurity analysts, penetrations tester, ethical hackers,
network engineers, DevSecOps, Cyber Security consultants, etc This course covers all the aspects required for a good start in
cybersecurity. You will be taken through cybersecurity fundamentals, get a deep dive into the cybersecurity kill chain, and discover
malicious tools that are used by hackers. Learners will also work on practicals through weekly labs & projects.You will be taken through
exam preparation sessions for the Certificate in Cybersecurity from (ISC)², the world’s leading cybersecurity professional organization
known for the CISSP. Get started on your journey to becoming a cybersecurity specialist with our 12-week Cybersecurity Prep Course This
course covers all the aspects required for a good start in cybersecurity. You will be taken through cybersecurity fundamentals, get a deep
dive into the cybersecurity kill chain, and discover malicious tools that are used by hackers. Learners will also work on practicals
through weekly labs & projects.  DevOps focuses on better collaboration between the Development team and the Operations team. A DevOps
Engineer is an individuals who oversee the entire software development lifecycle. They are instrumental in handling the code releases,
implementing CI/CD pipeline, automating various processes, and solving any issues that arise during the development, deployment, or
maintenance phase. You will also be provided with hands-on examples of CI/CD tools to ensure that you interlink the business mindset and
technology to improve efficiency in your Engineering teams. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. As a DevOps engineer, you possess
extensive knowledge of the software development life cycle (SDLC). Huge demand for DevOps Experts– DevOps Engineers topped the list of
LinkedIn’s Emerging Jobs and highest salary tech jobs due to their specialized skillset.Vulnerability Management– In Development
Operations (DevOps), engineers build processes and streamline automation to optimize the software development lifecycle and protect
against vulnerabilities.Process Improvements– DevOps Engineers use feedback, collaboration, ingenuity, and lean and agile methodologies to
continuously improve all stages of software development.Favorable job opportunities– Most recently, companies are willing to adopt DevOps
practices and tools to increase productivity and better Return on Investment (ROI). DevOps is getting increasingly popular, and more tech
companies are hiring tech talent who know about DevOps. Find out the pacing options available, price, and more information about this
course. Our DevOps Engineering Online Course is ideal for those who want to fast-track their careers in Software Development. People
working in the following roles will benefit the most from the DevOps Course:-Junior Web DevelopersJunior Software EngineersIT
SpecialistsSoftware DevelopersSystems Administrators and IT ManagersCloud EngineersData Engineers Moringa is one of the most successful
tech bootcamps in Africa. With a blended learning approach, we have trained top tech talent locally & globally. Our Technical Instructors
will cover DevOps concepts in an easy-to-understand language. For 8 weeks, you’ll learn the principles of DevOps, Cloud Computing,
continuous development and deployment, automation of configuration management, inter-team collaboration, and IT service agility using
popular DevOps tools such as Git, Docker, Jenkins, and more. Moringa is one of the most successful tech bootcamps in Africa. With a
blended learning approach, we have trained top tech talent locally & globally.Practical hands-on learningWork on a portfolio of DevOps
Engineering projectsLive Lectures from a Senior DevOps Engineer with experience working in both local & global tech companiesDedicated
Technical mentor supportRecognized certificate upon completion of the courseAccess to a vast alumni network of Software Engineers, Data
Scientists, Safaricom Digital Academy Alumni Our DevOps Engineering Online Course is ideal for those who want to fast-track their careers
in Software Development. People working in the following roles will benefit the most from the DevOps Course:- For 8 weeks, you’ll learn
the principles of DevOps, Cloud Computing, continuous development and deployment, automation of configuration management, inter-team
collaboration, and IT service agility using popular DevOps tools such as Git, Docker, Jenkins, and more. Part-time Classes DevOps
EngineerIT Systems ArchitectAutomation ArchitectRelease ManagerDevOps Test EngineerDevOps Cloud EngineerDevOps ArchitectCloud Security
Specialist You will be responsible for implementing various automation tools and processes to resolve complex operations problems. This
course will prepare you for a career in DevOps, one of the fastest-growing fields in tech. You will also be provided with hands-on
examples on CI/CD tools to ensure that you interlink the business mindset and technology to improve efficiency in your Engineering teams.
Ksh 55,000 Application ongoing for theMarch 25 2024intake DevOps Engineers help companies get more done at a faster pace by
revolutionizing software development and deployment through the elimination of the conflicts between development and operations teams 8
weeks Live & Online | Mon – Fri from 6pm – 9pm (live lectures & Technical Mentor Support)  Students are required to commit at least 30
hours every week to learning. Lecture sessions take place between Mondays – Fridays between 9.00 am – 5.00 pm. Additional hours and
support will be availed on Saturdays upon request. An Ethical Hacker, also known as a White Hat Hacker, identifies and exploits
vulnerabilities in computer systems and networks with the permission of the owner, to help improve security defenses and protect against
malicious hackers. Ksh 200,000Introductory Fee Offer – Ksh 170,000 © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. CompTIA The tuition & exam
fees can be paid in full before start of class or in installments.Download thefee payment planfor more details. Online Classes every Mon –
Fri from 9.00 am – 5.00 pm ( live lectures, self-learning, and Technical Mentor Support available) A DevSecOps Engineer integrates
security practices into the software development and operations process, ensuring that security is prioritized throughout the entire
development lifecycle, from coding to deployment. In this course, you will learn from CompTIA-certified and experienced trainers to gain
in-demand skills that prepare you for well-paying jobs like cybersecurity analyst, security operations center (SOC) analyst, and many
more. By the end of the 18 weeks, learners will earn a certificate of completion from Moringa and a Security + certification from CompTIA.
Students are required to commit at least 30 hours every week to learning. Lecture sessions take place between Mondays – Fridays between
9.00 am – 5.00 pm. Additional hours and support will be availed on Saturdays upon request.Blended learning:- group work, self-learning and
lectures hours, project days.Learners are expected to use the weekend to work on their summative assessments, and projects ahead of
deadlinesLearners will undergo Soft skills training where they will get the necessary professional skills required for future
employment.Learners will get exam vouchers & prep sessions ahead of the certificate examination day Your pathway to earning the most in-
demand Security+ certification Anyone with an IT, networking, software, or computer background looking to start a career in cybersecurity
is encouraged to apply. No one is left out – our programs are well-designed for career switchers. SOC AnalystCybersecurity
ConsultantInformation security analystNetwork Security EngineerComputer Forensics InvestigatorEthical HackerDevSecOps Engineer This course
covers all the aspects required for a cybersecurity specialist.You will learn cybersecurity fundamentals, get a deep dive into the
cybersecurity kill chain, and discover malicious tools that hackers use. Learners will also work on practicals through weekly labs &
projects with unlimited access to TyHack Me Labs. By the end of the course coverage, you will be taken through exam prep sessions in
readiness for the Security+ Certification exams. An Information Security Analyst safeguards an organization’s data by designing and
implementing security measures, analyzing vulnerabilities, and responding to incidents to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and
availability of information. A Network Security Engineer designs, implements, and manages security solutions for an organization’s network
infrastructure, focusing on preventing unauthorized access, securing data transmission, and defending against cyber threats. USD 176 A SOC
(Security Operations Center) Analyst monitors and analyzes an organization’s digital infrastructure to identify and respond to potential
security threats, investigating incidents and ensuring the overall safety of the network and systems. This course has been designed in
partnership with CompTIA[the world’s leading organization in providing a wide range of technology training & certifications in
cybersecurity]. The CompTIA Security+ is a global certification that validates the baseline skills necessary to perform core security
functions and pursue an IT security career. This is the best course to kickstart your career in cybersecurity, apart from the world-class
curriculum, Moringa School guarantees you the following:- Full-Time Classes Have basic computer skills.Proficiency in English – both
spoken and written.Must have a computer or laptop ( core i5 – i7, 8GB RAM, 500GB memory).All classes are fully online. You are required to
have access to stable internet.Must have a desire and curiosity to learn.Availability to attend all classes. This course covers all the
aspects required for a cybersecurity specialist. Applications have been closed 18 weeks You will learn cybersecurity fundamentals, get a
deep dive into the cybersecurity kill chain, and discover malicious tools that hackers use. Learners will also work on practicals through
weekly labs & projects with unlimited access to TyHack Me Labs. By the end of the course coverage, you will be taken through exam prep
sessions in readiness for the Security+ Certification exams. A Computer Forensics Investigator collects and analyzes digital evidence from
electronic devices, such as computers and mobile devices, to uncover and document information relevant to legal or investigative
proceedings. This course has been designed in partnership with CompTIA[the world’s leading organization in providing a wide range of
technology training & certifications in cybersecurity]. The CompTIA Security+ is a global certification that validates the baseline skills
necessary to perform core security functions and pursue an IT security career. This is the best course to kickstart your career in
cybersecurity, apart from the world-class curriculum, Moringa School guarantees you the following:-Practical & project-based
learningAccess to industry-relevant cybersecurity labs & projects on Try Hack Me LabsDedicated Technical mentor supportHighly Discounted
Exam vouchers to sit for the certification exam in comparison to the market priceDual certification – A certificate of completion from
Moringa & Security + from CompTIAComprehensive training & preparation for the CompTIA Security+ Certification exams In search of an
industry-aligned cybersecurity course that is not just about theory but the practicals as well? This 18-week Cybersecurity Course helps
prepare you for the CompTIA Security+ certification [the world’s leading certification body for cybersecurity roles]. See the pacing
options available, price, and more information about this course below; A Cybersecurity Consultant provides expert advice to organizations
on enhancing their security posture, offering assessments, recommendations, and strategies to mitigate risks and protect sensitive data.
The curriculum has been designed by Moringa School in partnership withCompTIA. As a learner, you will be fully trained by certified
technical mentors & instructors to complete the theory and practicals for this course. After completing the course content you will be in
the best position to sit for the CompTIA Security + certification exams.  Find out the pacing options available, the price, and more
information about this course. Ksh 150, 000 © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. You will create wireframes and introduce
aesthetics and delightful details into products. Ultimately, UX researchers take the guesswork out of the design process, making sure that
the team has enough information to make data-informed product decisions. Our course is designed to fit around busy schedules, with evening
and weekend classes available to ensure maximum flexibility. Flatiron School Get ready to design life-changing user experiences for
digital products and websites Whether you are a beginner looking to start a career in product design(UI/UX) or an experienced designer
looking to refine your skills, this course will provide you with the knowledge and tools you need to take your product design to the next
level. In Phase 3, students will apply what they learned about the UX and UI process to create a complete set of deliverables. Students
will begin with a project brief and deliver research-informed solutions using the product design process. Students will learn how to talk
about their design choices and communicate users’ needs to other stakeholders. This program comprises five phases. Phases 1 and 2 teach
the fundamental methods, tools, and principles that guide the UX and UI processes. Phases 3 and 4 includes studio experience through
rigorous projects that allow you to employ your new techniques and skills. And in the final phase, you will pull your body of work into a
portfolio to prepare for entry into the job market UX researchers conduct research with real users, gathering both qualitative and
quantitative data about how people think, feel, and behave. They then share this data with the product team, to help everyone understand
the target audience and to inform a user-centric design strategy. Monday to Thursday – 6 pm to 9 pm (Live lectures and technical mentor
support)Saturday – 9 am to 1 pm (Live lectures and Technical mentor support) UX Design is one of ten in-demand tech skills, according to
LinkedIn, making this a worthy field for any creative looking for their next career move. This program will give you a strong foundation
in Product Designer skills by focusing on design thinking, user-centered design, and foundational visual design. You will be prepared for
jobs such as: UX strategy can be thought of as the convergence of UX design and business strategy. UX strategists bring a user-centered
mindset to the boardroom, while also making sure that the design team is working with the business goals in mind. All students are
required to complete the introduction before the start of Phase 1 to have a working knowledge of UX and UI processes. During Phase 0,
students prepare for success by familiarizing themselves with the tools and processes they will utilize during the Product Design course
including Figma and Webflow. In Phase 2, students will learn the essential components of the UI (User Interface) design process, including
standard tools, best practices, and deliverables. Students will learn the fundamentals of interface design, including design principles,
typography, and design patterns, to create beautiful mockups that are a joy to view and use. As a UX designer, your job will be to create
functional, reliable, and usable products. Our part-time Product Design(UI/UX) course is designed to fit around busy schedules, with
evening and weekend classes available to ensure maximum flexibility. It will prepare you to become an end-to-end Product Designer by
learning UX and UI design. You will learn the principles of designing digital products such as mobile apps, websites, or software, that
are not only visually appealing but also highly functional and user-friendly. Applications ongoing forMay 6th, 2024 In Phase 5, students
will create and launch an online portfolio of their best work. They will author a case study that explains the insights and decisions they
made during the product design process. This program will challenge students to talk competently about their work and to communicate their
strengths in UX and UI as they prepare to enter the job market. You will be prepared for jobs such as:UX DesignerProduct DesignerFull-
Stack Designer This course is ideal for:Young high school/university graduates looking to get into techWorking professionals or career
switchers who are looking for a fast tech skill to learn while continuing to workEntrepreneurs and small business owners who want to
create their own productsFront End Web developers who are looking to improve their skills in designThose who have no interest in coding
but would like to get into tech (Marketing, Graphic Design, Engineering, Product Managers) This course is ideal for: 28 weeks In Phase 4,
students will direct a project from start to finish while exploring essential skills like presentation strategies, effective
communication, and design ethics. This phase will challenge students to meet the complex needs of a real-world problem. You will also be
tasked with creating accessible and beautiful interfaces. In Phase 1, students will learn the essential components of the UX (User
Experience) Design process, including standard tools, best practices, and deliverables. Students will learn how to conduct research and
interpret findings and create the assets necessary to communicate their ideas and insights to other project stakeholders.  Find out the
pacing options available, the price, and more information about this course. Whether you are a beginner looking to start a career in
product design or an experienced designer looking to refine your skills, this course will provide you with the knowledge and tools you
need to take your product design to the next level. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. You will create wireframes and introduce
aesthetics and delightful details into products. Ultimately, UX researchers take the guesswork out of the design process, making sure that
the team has enough information to make data-informed product decisions. Flatiron School 22 Weeks Get ready to design life-changing user
experiences for digital products and websites In Phase 3, students will apply what they learned about the UX and UI process to create a
complete set of deliverables. Students will begin with a project brief and deliver research-informed solutions using the product design
process. Students will learn how to talk about their design choices and communicate users’ needs to other stakeholders. Ksh 130, 000 UX
researchers conduct research with real users, gathering both qualitative and quantitative data about how people think, feel, and behave.
They then share this data with the product team, to help everyone understand the target audience and to inform a user-centric design
strategy. UX Design is one of ten in-demand tech skills, according to LinkedIn, making this a worthy field for any creative looking for
their next career move. This program will give you a strong foundation in Product Designer skills by focusing on design thinking, user-
centered design, and foundational visual design. You will be prepared for jobs such as: UX strategy can be thought of as the convergence
of UX design and business strategy. UX strategists bring a user-centered mindset to the boardroom, while also making sure that the design
team is working with the business goals in mind. All students are required to complete the introduction before the start of Phase 1 to
have a working knowledge of UX and UI processes. During Phase 0, students prepare for success by familiarizing themselves with the tools
and processes they will utilize during the Product Design course including Figma and Webflow. Applications ongoing for theMarch 11th,
2024intake In Phase 2, students will learn the essential components of the UI (User Interface) design process, including standard tools,
best practices, and deliverables. Students will learn the fundamentals of interface design, including design principles, typography, and
design patterns, to create beautiful mockups that are a joy to view and use. As a UX designer, your job will be to create functional,
reliable, and usable products. This program comprises five phases. Phases 1 and 2 teach the fundamental methods, tools, and principles
that guide the UX and UI processes. Phases 3 and 4 include studio experience through rigorous projects that allow you to employ your new
techniques and skills. In the final phase, you will pull your body of work into a portfolio to prepare for entry into the job market. This
course is ideal for:Young high school/university graduates looking to get into techEntry-level professionals who are looking to transition
into techEntrepreneurs and small business owners who want to create their own productsProfessionals interested in changing their career
and looking for a fast tech skill to learn or who want to expand their skill set and understanding of product design(Marketing, Graphic
Design, Engineering, Product Managers)Front End Web developers who are looking to improve their skills in design In Phase 5, students will
create and launch an online portfolio of their best work. They will author a case study that explains the insights and decisions they made
during the product design process. This program will challenge students to talk competently about their work and to communicate their
strengths in UX and UI as they prepare to enter the job market. You will be prepared for jobs such as:UX DesignerProduct DesignerFull-
Stack Designer This course is ideal for: In Phase 4, students will direct a project from start to finish while exploring essential skills
like presentation strategies, effective communication, and design ethics. This phase will challenge students to meet the complex needs of
a real-world problem. Online You will also be tasked with creating accessible and beautiful interfaces. In Phase 1, students will learn
the essential components of the UX (User Experience) Design process, including standard tools, best practices, and deliverables. Students
will learn how to conduct research and interpret findings and create the assets necessary to communicate their ideas and insights to other
project stakeholders. Our Product Design(UI/UX) program will prepare you to become an end-to-end Product Designer by learning UX and UI
design. You will learn the principles of designing digital products such as mobile apps, websites, or software, that are not only visually
appealing but also highly functional and user-friendly. Applications ongoing for theMarch 11th, 2024intake © 2024 Moringa School. All
rights reserved. Applications ongoing forMay 6th, 2024 Applications for this class have been closed. Applications have been closed Become
an AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner | No prior experience in programming is required Our comprehensive Data Analytics for HR Professionals
Masterclass is designed specifically for HR practitioners who seek to leverage the power of data to transform HR practices. © 2024 Moringa
School. All rights reserved. In a world driven by AI, the ability to communicate effectively with AI models is a game-changer. Our course
offers a unique blend of theoretical understanding and practical application. The business intelligence (BI) sector is expanding rapidly,
and an increasing number of hiring managers and recruiters are looking for professionals who are not only proficient in BI tools but also
possess certifications to back up their claims. Introducing the Mpesa Mini Apps & API Development, where innovation meets application!
Object Oriented Programming and Introduction to Node Future-Ready Skills: © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Introduction to
Mini-Apps By the end of the program, students at the Bronze level will have a portfolio showcasing front-end projects, illustrating thier
proficiency in mini-applications development and the React JavaScript Framework through the delivery of a mini-application.Moringa’s
teaching model, the hands-on project based approach ensures the students progressively build on each week’s knowledge in a simulated tech
work-place environment. Front_end Javascript and Intro to React Anyone with an IT related course with no practical programming experience
or a self taught developer with no work experience. Career professionals with non-tech backgrounds looking to transition into tech careers
are also encouraged to apply. Have basic computer skills.Proficiency in English – both spoken and written.Machine minimum specifications
with Admin-permissions:8GB RAM~256GB HDD SSDUbuntu or Mac (Special cases for Windows)Functional understanding of at least one operating
system (Windows, macOS)for Linux users, they can use platforms like wine to leverage the Windows IDE..All classes are fully online. You
are required to have access to a stable internet.Must have a desire and curiosity to learn.Availability to attend all classes. In
partnership with; By the end of the program, students at the Bronze level will have a portfolio showcasing front-end projects,
illustrating their proficiency in mini-application development and the React JavaScript Framework through the delivery of a mini-
application.Moringa’s teaching model, the hands-on project-based approach ensures the students progressively build on each week’s
knowledge in a simulated tech workplace environment. Pioneering Mini-Apps Learning:Explore groundbreaking mini-applications development, a
first in Africa, in collaboration with Mpesa Africa, ensuring you stay at the forefront of industry trends.Real-World Readiness:Partnering
with Mpesa Africa ensures a curriculum that aligns with industry needs, giving you practical insights and knowledge through access to
industry-relevant labs and projects directly from the hiring partner.Future-Ready Skills:Gain insight into cross-platform super
applications, positioning yourself for success with a unique blend of industry collaboration, practical & project-based learning
experience, and forward-looking tech skills.Career Opportunities:A chance to work with MPesa Africa in the future Mini Applications
ProjectsCertification – A chance to get certified as a proficient mini- apps developer This course has been designed in partnership with
MPesa Africa for beginners seeking to kickstart their software development career in Mini Applications. This is the first time the mini-
apps certification is being introduced in the African market as a course on demand in collaboration with Mpesa Africa.By the end of the
program, students at the Bronze level will have a portfolio showcasing front-end projects, illustrating thier proficiency in mini-
applications development and the React JavaScript Framework through the delivery of a mini-application.Moringa’s teaching model, the
hands-on project based approach ensures the students progressively build on each week’s knowledge in a simulated tech work-place
environment.Introduction to Front-End web development for cross platform super applications. Join us to explore the world of cross-
platform super applications and emerge with a portfolio of front-end projects, showcasing your expertise in mini-applications development.
Students are required to commit at least 50 hours every week to learn. Lecture sessions take place between Mondays – Fridays between 6.00
pm – 9.00 pm. Additional hours and support will be availed on Saturdays upon request. Real-World Readiness: Gain insight into cross-
platform super applications, positioning yourself for success with a unique blend of industry collaboration, practical & project-based
learning experience, and forward-looking tech skills. Introduction to Front-End web development for cross platform super applications.
Developer Tools & Unix Students are required to commit at least 50 hours every week to learn. Lecture sessions take place between Mondays
– Fridays between 6.00 pm – 9.00 pm. Additional hours and support will be availed on Saturdays upon request.Blended learning:- group work,
self-learning and lectures hours, project days.Learners are expected to use the weekend to work on their summative assessments, and
projects ahead of deadlines Introduction to Front-End web development for cross-platform super applications. HTML, CSS, and Git Class
begins onFebruary 5th, 2024 The curriculum has been designed by Moringa School in partnership with MPesa Africa. As a learner, you will be
fully trained by certified technical mentors & instructors to complete the theory and practicals for this course. After completing the
course, you will be in a position to design responsive web apps using CSS and develop interactive web apps and UI (User Interface)
elements, and connect a web application to backend server using JavaScript to create a basic mini-app. Career Opportunities: Ready to
embark on your journey into mini-application development? This course covers all the aspects required to develop the technical skills and
knowledge needed to become an entry-level developer. CAPSTONE PROJECTAgile product development Presentation skills Partnering with Mpesa
Africa ensures a curriculum that aligns with industry needs, giving you practical insights and knowledge through access to industry-
relevant labs and projects directly from the hiring partner. You will learn the fundamentals of creating basic web pages and style them
using CSS and HTML. You will also gain skills in writing basic logic using Javascript, JSON and understand basic XML language structure.
At the end of the course learners will experience a structured and practical pathway designed to transition them from an enthusiast to a
junior Mini-apps software developer with Mpesa Africa. React Front-End The Mpesa Mini Apps & API Program is a new technology that helps
businesses develop high-quality services and grow on mobile apps. Pioneered by Mpesa Africa, the aim of the program is to ensure a
generalized concept that users can experience many services without installing many mobile apps on their phones. This course covers all
the aspects required to develop the technical skills and knowledge needed to become an entry-level developer.You will learn the
fundamentals of creating basic web pages and style them using CSS and HTML. You will also gain skills in writing basic logic using
Javascript, JSON and understand basic XML language structure. At the end of the course learners will experience a structured and practical
pathway designed to transition them from an enthusiast to a junior Mini-apps software developer with Mpesa Africa. Curriculum Developed by
Moringa and MPesa Africa A chance to work with MPesa Africa in the future Mini Applications ProjectsCertification – A chance to get
certified as a proficient mini- apps developer Explore groundbreaking mini-applications development, a first in Africa, in collaboration
with Mpesa Africa, ensuring you stay at the forefront of industry trends. JavaScript Fundamentals Pioneering Mini-Apps Learning: This
course has been designed in partnership with MPesa Africa for beginners seeking to kickstart their software development career in Mini
Applications. This is the first time the mini-apps certification is being introduced in the African market as a course on demand in
collaboration with Mpesa Africa. Book Your Seat for October 5th and 6th Students are required to dedicate 2 days(4 hours per day) to
learning for them to succeed in this course.4 hours of study from 9 am-1 pm2 days Course Details Are you ready to get started?
Participants are expected to have a basic understanding of AI concepts and programming languages (such as Python) to fully engage with the
course content. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned
skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum.Project-based learningTechnical Mentor SupportInteractive workshops and group
discussionsAccess to a dedicated online platform for course materials and resources.Access to a global community of learners all over
Africa © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. In a world driven by AI, the ability to communicate effectively with AI models is a
game-changer. Our course offers a unique blend of theoretical understanding and practical application, empowering you to: If you are in
search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical
and comprehensive curriculum. Students are required to dedicate 2 days(4 hours per day) to learning for them to succeed in this course.
Developers and programmers interested in AI integration.Data scientists seeking to improve model outputs through precise prompts.Content
creators and writers exploring AI-generated content.Researchers aiming to enhance their AI interactions for experiments.Professionals from
various domains looking to leverage AI for specific tasks. Book Your Seat for October 5th and 6th Students are required to dedicate 2
days(4 hours per day) to learning for them to succeed in this course.4 hours of study from 9 am-1 pm2 days Course Details Are you ready to
get started? Participants are expected to have a basic understanding of AI concepts and programming languages (such as Python) to fully
engage with the course content. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will
learn market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum.Project-based learningTechnical Mentor SupportInteractive
workshops and group discussionsAccess to a dedicated online platform for course materials and resources.Access to a global community of
learners all over Africa © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. In a world driven by AI, the ability to communicate effectively with
AI models is a game-changer. Our course offers a unique blend of theoretical understanding and practical application, empowering you to:
If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through
our practical and comprehensive curriculum. Students are required to dedicate 2 days(4 hours per day) to learning for them to succeed in
this course. Developers and programmers interested in AI integration.Data scientists seeking to improve model outputs through precise
prompts.Content creators and writers exploring AI-generated content.Researchers aiming to enhance their AI interactions for
experiments.Professionals from various domains looking to leverage AI for specific tasks. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. No
prior experience in data analytics is required. Our comprehensive Data Analytics for HR Professionals Masterclass is designed specifically
for HR practitioners who seek to leverage the power of data to transform HR practices. In today’s data-driven world, HR professionals must
possess strong data analytics skills to make informed decisions, drive better workforce strategies, and contribute to organizational
success. Data analytics for HR professionals, also known as HR analytics or people analytics, refers to the use of data analysis and data-
driven techniques to gain insights, make informed decisions, and optimize human resources practices within an organization. It involves
collecting, processing, and analyzing HR-related data to identify patterns, trends, and correlations that can inform HR strategies and
contribute to better workforce management. HR Professionals with Basic Analytics Knowledge: This course is designed for HR professionals
who have a foundational understanding of data analytics but want to deepen their skills and apply them specifically in the HR domain.HR
Managers and Directors: Mid to senior-level HR managers and directors seeking to enhance their decision-making capabilities through data-
driven insights and analytics tools.HR Analysts and Data Specialists: Individuals already working in HR analytics or data-related roles
looking to expand their expertise, learn new techniques, and stay updated on the latest trends in HR analytics.Talent Acquisition
Specialists: HR professionals responsible for talent acquisition, recruitment, and workforce planning who want to leverage data analytics
to improve the hiring process and identify the best candidates.HR Consultants and Advisors: HR consultants and advisors looking to
integrate data analytics into their consulting services to offer data-driven recommendations to their clients.Learning and Development
Professionals: HR practitioners involved in employee training and development interested in using data analytics to optimize training
programs and measure their impact on employee performance.HR Professionals Transitioning to Analytics Roles: Individuals looking to
transition from traditional HR roles to analytics-focused positions within HR departments or analytics teams. Book Your Seat forNovember
9th-10th If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills
through our practical and comprehensive curriculum.Project-based learningAccess to large data sets & real-world business case
studiesTechnical Mentor SupportLive in-person instructor led classesAccess to a global community of learners all over Africa Students are
required to dedicate 2 days to learning for them to succeed in this course. Pacing options available, price, and more information about
this course. At the end of this training, participants will Ready to take your first step in starting a career in Data Analytics? Students
are required to dedicate 2 days to learning for them to succeed in this course.8 hours of study from 9am-4pm2 days Unleash the Power of HR
Data: Data is the key to unlocking actionable insights in HR. By learning data analytics, you can leverage HR data to make informed
decisions that drive better workforce strategies, talent acquisition, and employee engagement.Excel in HR Analytics Roles: Whether you’re
an HR Manager aspiring to enhance decision-making or a career transitioner looking to break into the HR analytics field, this course
equips you with the expertise to excel in data-driven HR roles.Gain a Competitive Advantage: In a competitive job market, having data
analytics skills sets you apart as a sought-after HR professional. Enhance your employability and open doors to exciting career
opportunities with this valuable skillset.Be Future-Ready: In an era where data is transforming every aspect of business, being proficient
in data analytics ensures you stay relevant and future-ready in the rapidly evolving HR landscape. Have basic HR Knowledge.Have basic
computer Literacy skillsMust have a desire and curiosity to learn.No prior experience in data analytics is required. Don’t worry if you’re
new to data analytics – we’ve got you covered! Our masterclass starts with the fundamentals, introducing you to key data analysis
techniques, statistical tools, and data visualization methods. Through interactive exercises and hands-on projects, you’ll build your
analytical prowess and learn to interpret HR data with confidence. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place
for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum. A recap on how learners are
able to grasp the content Data analytics for HR professionals, also known as HR analytics or people analytics, refers to the use of data
analysis and data-driven techniques to gain insights, make informed decisions, and optimize human resources practices within an
organization. It involves collecting, processing, and analyzing HR-related data to identify patterns, trends, and correlations that can
inform HR strategies and contribute to better workforce management.Data analytics in HR aims to move HR practices from a subjective and
intuition-based approach to an evidence-based, data-driven approach. By leveraging data, HR professionals can make more objective, fact-
based decisions that align with organizational goals and positively impact employee experiences and overall business outcomes. Theory is
essential, but practice makes perfect! Delve into practical HR scenarios, where you’ll apply your newly acquired data analytics skills to
real HR challenges. From predicting employee turnover to optimizing talent acquisition strategies, you’ll emerge with the ability to turn
raw data into actionable insights that drive organizational success. Data analytics in HR aims to move HR practices from a subjective and
intuition-based approach to an evidence-based, data-driven approach. By leveraging data, HR professionals can make more objective, fact-
based decisions that align with organizational goals and positively impact employee experiences and overall business outcomes. © 2024
Moringa School. All rights reserved. No prior experience in data analytics is required. Our comprehensive Data Analytics for HR
Professionals Masterclass is designed specifically for HR practitioners who seek to leverage the power of data to transform HR practices.
In today’s data-driven world, HR professionals must possess strong data analytics skills to make informed decisions, drive better
workforce strategies, and contribute to organizational success. Data analytics for HR professionals, also known as HR analytics or people
analytics, refers to the use of data analysis and data-driven techniques to gain insights, make informed decisions, and optimize human
resources practices within an organization. It involves collecting, processing, and analyzing HR-related data to identify patterns,
trends, and correlations that can inform HR strategies and contribute to better workforce management. HR Professionals with Basic
Analytics Knowledge: This course is designed for HR professionals who have a foundational understanding of data analytics but want to
deepen their skills and apply them specifically in the HR domain.HR Managers and Directors: Mid to senior-level HR managers and directors
seeking to enhance their decision-making capabilities through data-driven insights and analytics tools.HR Analysts and Data Specialists:
Individuals already working in HR analytics or data-related roles looking to expand their expertise, learn new techniques, and stay
updated on the latest trends in HR analytics.Talent Acquisition Specialists: HR professionals responsible for talent acquisition,
recruitment, and workforce planning who want to leverage data analytics to improve the hiring process and identify the best candidates.HR
Consultants and Advisors: HR consultants and advisors looking to integrate data analytics into their consulting services to offer data-
driven recommendations to their clients.Learning and Development Professionals: HR practitioners involved in employee training and
development interested in using data analytics to optimize training programs and measure their impact on employee performance.HR
Professionals Transitioning to Analytics Roles: Individuals looking to transition from traditional HR roles to analytics-focused positions
within HR departments or analytics teams. Book Your Seat forNovember 9th-10th If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is
the place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum.Project-based
learningAccess to large data sets & real-world business case studiesTechnical Mentor SupportLive in-person instructor led classesAccess to
a global community of learners all over Africa Students are required to dedicate 2 days to learning for them to succeed in this course.
Pacing options available, price, and more information about this course. At the end of this training, participants will Ready to take your
first step in starting a career in Data Analytics? Students are required to dedicate 2 days to learning for them to succeed in this
course.8 hours of study from 9am-4pm2 days Unleash the Power of HR Data: Data is the key to unlocking actionable insights in HR. By
learning data analytics, you can leverage HR data to make informed decisions that drive better workforce strategies, talent acquisition,
and employee engagement.Excel in HR Analytics Roles: Whether you’re an HR Manager aspiring to enhance decision-making or a career
transitioner looking to break into the HR analytics field, this course equips you with the expertise to excel in data-driven HR roles.Gain
a Competitive Advantage: In a competitive job market, having data analytics skills sets you apart as a sought-after HR professional.
Enhance your employability and open doors to exciting career opportunities with this valuable skillset.Be Future-Ready: In an era where
data is transforming every aspect of business, being proficient in data analytics ensures you stay relevant and future-ready in the
rapidly evolving HR landscape. Have basic HR Knowledge.Have basic computer Literacy skillsMust have a desire and curiosity to learn.No
prior experience in data analytics is required. Don’t worry if you’re new to data analytics – we’ve got you covered! Our masterclass
starts with the fundamentals, introducing you to key data analysis techniques, statistical tools, and data visualization methods. Through
interactive exercises and hands-on projects, you’ll build your analytical prowess and learn to interpret HR data with confidence. If you
are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our
practical and comprehensive curriculum. A recap on how learners are able to grasp the content Data analytics for HR professionals, also
known as HR analytics or people analytics, refers to the use of data analysis and data-driven techniques to gain insights, make informed
decisions, and optimize human resources practices within an organization. It involves collecting, processing, and analyzing HR-related
data to identify patterns, trends, and correlations that can inform HR strategies and contribute to better workforce management.Data
analytics in HR aims to move HR practices from a subjective and intuition-based approach to an evidence-based, data-driven approach. By
leveraging data, HR professionals can make more objective, fact-based decisions that align with organizational goals and positively impact
employee experiences and overall business outcomes. Theory is essential, but practice makes perfect! Delve into practical HR scenarios,
where you’ll apply your newly acquired data analytics skills to real HR challenges. From predicting employee turnover to optimizing talent
acquisition strategies, you’ll emerge with the ability to turn raw data into actionable insights that drive organizational success. Data
analytics in HR aims to move HR practices from a subjective and intuition-based approach to an evidence-based, data-driven approach. By
leveraging data, HR professionals can make more objective, fact-based decisions that align with organizational goals and positively impact
employee experiences and overall business outcomes. Every career begins with a foundational-level certificate, and for AWS, that
certificate is AWS Cloud Practitioner. This course provides in-depth knowledge of not just one AWS service but instead gives an overall
understanding of AWS. If you have little to no experience with AWS, this course is designed to help you obtain the knowledge and skills
required to become an AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner. By taking this course, you will gain an understanding of key AWS technologies,
their use cases, and the costs and benefits of working with AWS Cloud environments. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Network
specialists supervise the working and operations of networks and ensure that they run smoothly. They collect network performance data,
troubleshoot issues, track network protection, forecast problems, and maintain the network. AWS Cloud Practitioner Exams Find out the
pacing options available, price, and more information about this course. In this course, you’ll learn A SysOps Admin handles and maintains
the computer server. His duties include operating and running the server. He is also in charge of user protection and access. The primary
responsibility of the AWS SysOps administrator is to configure AWS cloud management and track and control its services. Applicants must
show interest in tech & learning cloud computing.Have a functional laptop & access to stable internet.Be proficient in EnglishMust attend
all classes & take the exams on the last day of training.Must be available to attend the 3-day online training. The jobs you get with AWS
cloud certification are the following:-1. AWS Cloud ArchitectA cloud architect is responsible for transforming a project’s technical
details into the design and architecture to drive the final product. The cloud architect is also responsible for bridging the gap between
cloud-based solutions and complicated business challenges.2. SysOps AdministratorA SysOps Admin handles and maintains the computer server.
His duties include operating and running the server. He is also in charge of user protection and access. The primary responsibility of the
AWS SysOps administrator is to configure AWS cloud management and track and control its services.3. Cloud DeveloperCloud developers design
apps that run on the internet. A cloud developer’s day-to-day responsibilities are similar to that of the software engineer or web
developer. They spend a lot of time researching customer requirements, designing solutions and systems, coding, debugging, etc. So they
also have to deal with issues like security and performance of the system architecture.4. AWS Networking SpecialistNetwork specialists
supervise the working and operations of networks and ensure that they run smoothly. They collect network performance data, troubleshoot
issues, track network protection, forecast problems, and maintain the network.5. Cloud Software EngineerCloud Software Engineers solely
work with cloud computing systems. They help determine the functioning of a system and provide guidance to programmers who assist in
writing the software code. They might improve the functioning of existing systems or create new ones. If you are in search of a unique
learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive
curriculum.Practical & Marketing Aligned trainingTechnical Mentor SupportLive in-person instructor-led classesAccess to a global community
of learners all over Africa Cloud developers design apps that run on the internet. A cloud developer’s day-to-day responsibilities are
similar to that of the software engineer or web developer. They spend a lot of time researching customer requirements, designing solutions
and systems, coding, debugging, etc. So they also have to deal with issues like security and performance of the system architecture.
Intake is ongoing for theJuly 4thclass A cloud architect is responsible for transforming a project’s technical details into the design and
architecture to drive the final product. The cloud architect is also responsible for bridging the gap between cloud-based solutions and
complicated business challenges. By the end of this course, you’ll understand AWS services and how they are leveraged to build
applications and provide products and services in the real world. This is starting point foranyone looking to understand Cloud Computing.
This program is eligible for both technical and non-technical professionals that want to launch a career in Cloud Computing or simply
understand it to contribute to their day-to-day organizational operations. Students are required to dedicate 3 days to learning for them
to succeed in this course. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn
market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum. You will get an overall understanding of the AWS Cloud,
independent of specific technical roles. This course provides a detailed overview of cloud concepts, AWS services, security, architecture,
pricing, and support. Cloud Software Engineers solely work with cloud computing systems. They help determine the functioning of a system
and provide guidance to programmers who assist in writing the software code. They might improve the functioning of existing systems or
create new ones. Ready to get started on your journey? The jobs you get with AWS cloud certification are the following:- Intake is ongoing
for theFebruary 26th, 2024Class Applications for this course have been closed. Enroll now for theMarch 18th, 2024intake Book Your Seat
forFebruary 26th, 2024 Application ongoing for theMarch 25 2024intake © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Next Intake starts
onFebruary 12th, 2024 Enroll now for theFebruary 12th, 2024intake We believe that it is important for companies to have a chance to
interact with our students and graduates. Partner with us today through speaking engagements, event sponsorships, etc. Learn More → We
have a large pool of career-ready Software Developers & Data Science graduates. Our talent has been endorsed by the marketplace and we
have a proven track record of graduating top-quality tech talent. To date, we have hit a milestone of an 85% + job placement rate within
12 months. Look no further for your tech team talent needs, Moringa can help! Moringa brings you transformative solutions for your
business. Work with our team to assess your needs, develop custom solutions to upskill your workforce, and find the right tech talent to
realize success. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Talk to our career services department today and get your hiring needs met.
Looking for tech talent? In an added effort to continue building talent and opportunities through transformative, tech-based learning
experiences, we are keen on running events that will expose our students and graduates to the industry. The Managed Internship Program
aims at providing our graduates with work experience at the onset of their careers and relieves employer partners of the management burden
of the interns by supporting the interns with technical managers the Moringa Team. Learn More → In the world of business and technology,
changes happen as people find better ways to execute tasks, optimize processes, reduce costs, and improve quality for customers in order
to gain a competitive advantage. Moringa assesses your needs and develops custom solutions to upskill your workforce so that your business
can be more profitable. Our trainers will conduct regular knowledge checks and collect student feedback to optimize our lessons. We
document a full project report with learnings from our delivery and handover to your department head. We meet with your team to determine
the training needed, timelines, and preferred delivery model Moringa assesses your needs and develops custom solutions to upskill your
workforce so that your business can be more profitable. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. We design and deliver content in both
classroom and online formats to ensure learners can consume the course material at a pace that meets the unique needs of your
organization. In the world of business and technology, changes happen as people find better ways to execute tasks, optimize processes,
reduce costs, and improve quality for customers in order to gain a competitive advantage. We work with you to determine the level of
proficiency required as dictated by your desired training outcomes. We assign a project manager to your account to ensure that we are
delivering on track as per your requirements. Our 6-point rubric for delivering our training ensures tangible results for all our clients.
The business intelligence (BI) sector is expanding rapidly, and an increasing number of hiring managers and recruiters are looking for
professionals who are not only proficient in BI tools but also possess certifications to back up their claims. This is determined by
whether you will use our curriculum as is or if the bespoke content design is required. We develop solutions that make a difference Our
6-point rubric for delivering our training ensures tangible results for all our clients:  Read more ... Moringa integrates learners from
diverse backgrounds and experiences and channels their motivation to learn and grow through industry-relevant programs, blended learning,
and practical experience. This seeks to unlock a learner’s potential and build a future of confidence, capability, and possibility See
full profile→ Director of People Director of Technology Every interaction at Moringa starts from a place of positivity and appreciation
for the other. We are an organization that cares for learners and mentors. We demonstrate empathy and understanding for each individual
through the respect and professionalism that underpins every engagement. We listen and learn through feedback and seek to recognize and
address student needs proactively, not reactively. Business Development © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. These are the values
that drive our operations and help to keep us on track to our core mandate to stakeholders. They speak to how we do what we do. Outcomes
Director of Marketing & Admissions Access Building a Full-Stack Application with React and Django Director of Business Development and
Outcomes Finance Our vision is one that strives to connect our African people to the future they envision for themselves.  This is the
goal in-front of us and it keeps us striving for more. Simply put…we will know we are succeeding when people working in tech in Africa
have the same earning potential as their global counterparts possessing the same aptitude and mindset. Product Through the introduction of
its 5-6 month Software Development, Data Science, Product Design, and Cyber Security Bootcamps, Moringa School embarked on a journey that
would integrate over 7,000+ learners from diverse backgrounds and experiences while channeling their motivation to learn and grow through
market-aligned curriculum, a learning approach that simulates practical on-the-job-experience, and a vibrant community of employer
partners, higher learning institutions, and other industry stakeholders. This approach ensured that graduating students were prepared to
take up their rightful place in the digital economy evidenced by the EdTech leader’s employment rate of 70% for all job-seeking alumni
within 12 months. Zoom Webinar Moringa School is a multi-disciplinary learning-accelerator committed to closing the skills-gap in Africa’s
job markets by delivering transformative tech-based learning to high-potential jobseekers; and on graduation connecting them to local and
international employers who desire high-quality tech talent Join our passionate, hardworking team and help Moringa School prepare learners
for their future careers in tech 0Positions Marketing Moringa School Graduation: Celebrating Success and Innovation Board Chairman
Director of Finance Visa Oshwal Community Centre Board Member, Co-founder People Admissions Our programs are rooted in an expectation of
excellence in teaching and learning. It is critical we uphold high standards and are able to show creativity and resourcefulness to
overcome challenges and fulfill our commitments to learners. Data Cleaning and Preprocessing for Machine Learning Explore latest events
Director of Product In 2014, Moringa School launched its maiden Software Development class in Kenya with a cohort of only four (4)
students and a vision for “A world in which anyone can create their future”. At that time, there was a growing demand for skilled tech
talent as companies increased investment in technology to gain a competitive advantage from their own digital transformation. This demand
was not being met by the available local talent due to a lack of skills…Something had to be done! Classroom To build talent and
opportunities through transformative tech-based learning experiences Board Member Gideon We receive numerous applications for our
openings. We purpose to give every application adequate consideration and only proceed to engage with our top most candidate profiles. You
think creatively and critically to problem solve You are keen to achieve results © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. You speak
openly, give and are open to constructive feedback Offer You value and see the importance of working with others Technical Interview
Moringa Culture is positive and collaborative. I enjoy the degree of control and freedom I have within Moringa and my manager trusts me
produce high-quality work which keeps me motivated and inspired to work I would describe Moringa School as a high speed rolling fire-ball
both luminates the way for tech leaders and also lights their candles. From the first day, you get immense and the interconnectedness
across teams shows how important every nut & bolt (you is important for the Moringa machine to run. Hybrid George You are always
stretching for higher goals We listen to market needs, continuously test our product offering and refine our learners’ experience. This
way, our learners are able to steer their learning towards a world in which anyone can create their future. Technical Mentor, Classroom
Team We invite all our top candidates to participate in a Work Assessment. The assessment will give you an opportunity to step into the
role of your interest by simulating scenarios and problems centered around the job for you to solve and interpret. Our assignments are
drawn from challenges we have already faced and resolved and are only used for the evaluation of thought processes and approaches. Work
Assessment The final stage is an offer to our top candidate and consequently, a robust onboarding process. Our recruitment process takes
between 4 weeks to 8 weeks.    For our Technical Mentor recruitment process, we include an Understudy step. Here, you will have an
opportunity to immerse yourself in the shoes of a Technical Mentor in real-time and engage with our students. This will be a great
opportunity to gain a comprehensive picture of what being a Technical Mentor entails. Rhona Over the years, we have been able to curate
the kind of persona that succeeds at Moringa School. Here are the traits that earmark a great employee at Moringa School: Moringa aims to
transform tech education in Africa by ensuring our learners are equipped with market aligned skills therefore increasing their
employability and developing tech entrepreneurs in Africa. Moringa has been like a school trip, seeing and learning new things all while
having fun and getting to know my team members better. There has also been a lot of fulfillment that comes with working with students. The
challenge me, which pushes me to ensure I learn more, dig deeper, and understand better, which translates to a lot of growth for me as an
individual. Countries Once we are able to establish that you are a technical fit for the role, you will have an opportunity to meet some
of the team members to give us insight on your working style, your values, how you build and sustain relationships, and how all these
aspects meshes with our organization. Admissions Technical Mentor, Classroom Professional Development Trainer, Product Moringans We curate
our interview process to ensure that we get the kind of people who are ready to roll up their sleeves and get right to work. Our interview
approach is “conversation-style” for you to share with us your authentic self, and have all our future employees interview us as much as
we interview them. At Moringa, we value connection and are keen on providing a wholesome work environment to our employees through
flexible working schedules, providing career development opportunities, a great work culture, and awesome employment benefits. Our team is
collaborative and supportive, and together we work towards reaching your full potential. Working for Moringa School has been an amazing
Journey from the start.  I enjoy being an advocate for my students by understanding their individual situations and finding solutions that
best fit their professional needs. I also enjoy the same amount of care and support I get from my team. While my duties vary, and on
occasion are demanding I have a feeling of satisfaction and fulfilment in whatever I do and I can still create a routine that balances my
professional and personal priorities. Culture - Team Fit Interview You self-lead and require little nudging to get things going. You
strive to be excellent in all your work You know their strengths, weaknesses and how to leverage each to be the best version of yourself
Felix You learn and developing self continuously Review Women Assessments are evaluated by the hiring team and only assignments that meet
specific standards will allow applicants to move to this stage. At this stage, you will have the chance to walk the hiring team through
your thought process and we will delve further into your capabilities, what you are great at - “glow areas” and areas of learning “grow
areas”. Yes, you will get a digital certificate after the successful completion of the program. A physical certificate can be printed for
you at your cost. With in-person learning, we factor in the utilities and operational costs that help us maintain a great learning
environment for our students while being physically present in our premises. We also pay keen attention to the spacing among students
during in-person instruction to promote social distancing. No, we currently don’t provide accommodation. However, there are a number of
private hostels along Ngong road, which are close to the school. Our course introduces you to basic programming. This course is for
beginners to learn the fundamentals of programming and for more established developers to sharpen their grasp of front-end skills. Visit
the courses page to learn more. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. We offer financial aid to our students on a need and merit
basis. The options that are currently available include partial scholarships for Moringa Prep and student loans for Moringa Core. For more
information on financial aid please visit ourfinancial aid page using this link No, we do not provide data bundles for all students,
regardless of mode of study, who have enrolled in Moringa That depends entirely on your aptitude and attitude. While we provide world-
class teachers and experts to support you, the learning is on you. We put in our best and we expect you to put in yours as well. We do not
guarantee jobs but we will help facilitate the process by assisting in your professional development, providing resume-writing workshops,
optimizing your LinkedIn profile, conducting mock interviews, and hosting recruitment drives with our employer partners. Moringa School’s
remote classes are done live and online; with daily sessions where learners ask questions and interact with tutors and fellow students.
The program pacing and course content for both remote and in-person classes are the same. For the in-person classes, students are allowed
to be on our premises 2 days per week where they get to meet and interact with their trainers – for the remaining 3 days of the week you
will still have live and instructor-led classes but they will be delivered online. For remote classes, all class interactions happen live
and in real-time online. Remote classes cost Ksh 174,000. Hybrid and part-time classes cost Ksh 200,000. At Moringa School, we believe in
your potential. Like traditional universities, we teach you the theory to help you understand different coding languages and their
importance. But the bulk of our course is focused on teaching you the practical skills necessary for the job market. Yes. For our
Core(Advanced) modules, you can pay in 3 monthly installments. Upfront payment is only required for the prep modules which are the entry
points to our curriculum. NO. What we guarantee is career-ready skills. Our courses are practical and relevant to the market. That is why
many of our graduates find jobs. Moringa School offers support through training and informing graduates of job opportunities. Graduates
then apply and some get these jobs. Other graduates have found jobs without our direct support while others have ventured into freelancing
and entrepreneurship. Moringa School is proud to have helped all these brilliant young people achieve their career goals. Moringa School
is registered in Kenya by the Technical & Vocational Education and Training Authority(TVETA). However, we DO NOT offer academic
qualifications that can be exchanged for credits in our local colleges and universities. We are in the process of working with TVETA to
have our training standards certified which means that we will become the to-go-to when it comes to tech training standards in Kenya.
Additionally, we encourage and assist our students to build their portfolios which is a better marketing tool e.g in a course like
Software Development which involves coming up with independent projects that build up technical skills. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. NO. All enrolling students are required to pay upfront tuition of Ksh 43,000 for live online classes and KSh 50,000 for hybrid
in-person classes by the last Friday before a Prep class starts. We are currently registered under TVET (Technical and Vocational
Education and Training). We require all our students to have gone through high school as is required by law (TVET) and should be computer
proficient. Yes, you can book your appointment online. In the calendar invite we send you after your application or registration, there is
a link to a Google Hangouts link that we can use to facilitate the interview. Or we can schedule a google call with you at your own
convenience Got any questions about what financial aid option would work best for you? Reach out to us
onstudentfinancing@moringaschool.comand schedule an appointment with one of our admissions advisors © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. The aim of our Financial Aid Program is to make the courses and skills training done in Moringa School accessible to people who
would otherwise be excluded from the digital revolution due to current financial constraints. With the following Student Financing
options, we can help you navigate around your fees so that you can concentrate on your Moringa education. Applications for  February 26th,
2024 class ongoing Learners in Moringa are able to develop confidence in their capabilities through an open and exploratory environment
that promotes equality and diversity on their journey to acquiring the skills for career readiness. This is what ultimately enables them
to unlock their potential by getting the competence and confidence to build better futures for themselves and their loved ones. A baseline
employment rate of 85% for all job-seeking alumni within 12 months of graduating all but confirms that a Moringa education is worth it! In
order for you to be considered for the Soma Education Loan you will be required to meet all our eligibility criteria and be accepted into
the program of choice Download Flyer → © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Moringa has partnered with Aspira to make tuition fee
access easier for you. Students and alumni of Moringa can now apply for a low-interest-based loan with zero application fees to finance
their tuition fees. More information regarding the Soma Education Loan can be foundhere.  Health-E-Net +254-700-297-213 © 2024 Moringa
School. All rights reserved. When you hire a Moringa graduate, you get an ambitious, passionate person with the willingness to grow. They
are not scared to make mistakes, own up to them, and learn from them. Besides this, they do their work with a smile, for being a developer
is a true calling for them. This makes them a good fit into our company culture.- Lieke Aarninkhof, HR Manager Incentro Africa Reach to us
on email Reach us and get access to a thriving community of tech talent. We are glad we decided to work with [Moringa] for our junior and
mid-level developer recruitment needs. We appreciate their attention to detail, quality work, and ease of fitting into our processes.
Thanks so much for doing a great job!!-William Wamwalo, Business Systems Manager, Health-E-Net An outcomes-based approach Allied to
technical skill development, our students go throughproject-based workandcritical life skill educationapplicable to real-world industry
scenarios. Reach to us on phone Moringa helps fast-growing businesses recruit and hire engineering talent We have a vast pool of
candidates that are at different stages in their career journey so if you need junior developers and data scientists or if you’re looking
for more senior people…our graduate support team will help you meet your hiring needs. In a survey of major tech employers in East Africa,
a CS degree combined with the Moringa Bootcamp is the most attractive profile for those recruiting junior developers and data scientists.
This is because we maintain a strong and established connection with key industry figures who help in developing our curriculum in line
with industry trends and the current demands of the African job market. We aim to ensure learners are best prepared for an ever-evolving
industry with the right foundation to find long-term success in their chosen career pathway. We understand that a leaner is best served in
their development through a blended learning approach. outcomes@moringaschool.com Our graduates have been hired at top companies Incentro
Africa Our Career Services Department keeps track of all our alumni and their development journey post their Moringa Education. Visa
Oshwal Community Centre © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Zoom Webinar Building a Full-Stack Application with React and Django
Data Cleaning and Preprocessing for Machine Learning Moringa School Graduation: Celebrating Success and Innovation This interactive
workshop will guide participants through the process of building a full-stack application using the popular JavaScript library React and
the Python web framework Django. Through hands-on practice and expert guidance, participants will learn the fundamentals of both
technologies and gain the skills necessary to create modern, dynamic web applications. This interactive workshop will guide participants
through the process of building a full-stack application using the popular JavaScript library React and the Python web framework Django.
Through hands-on practice and expert guidance, participants will learn the fundamentals of both technologies and gain the skills necessary
to create modern, dynamic web applications. Workshop Objectives: @ 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm Join Us 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm © 2024 Moringa School. All
rights reserved. Zoom Webinar Workshop Objectives: 18 Jan, 2024| 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm 18 Jan, 2024 This interactive workshop will guide
participants through the process of building a full-stack application using the popular JavaScript library React and the Python web
framework Django. Through hands-on practice and expert guidance, participants will learn the fundamentals of both technologies and gain
the skills necessary to create modern, dynamic web applications. This interactive workshop will guide participants through the process of
building a full-stack application using the popular JavaScript library React and the Python web framework Django. Through hands-on
practice and expert guidance, participants will learn the fundamentals of both technologies and gain the skills necessary to create
modern, dynamic web applications. Workshop Objectives: @ 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm Join Us 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. Zoom Webinar Workshop Objectives: 18 Jan, 2024| 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm 18 Jan, 2024 13 Jan, 2024| 10:00 am - 12:00 pm 13 Jan, 2024
10:00 am - 12:00 pm @ 10:00 am - 12:00 pm © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Join Us The webinar aims to provide participants
with a comprehensive understanding of the importance of data cleaning and preprocessing in the machine learning workflow. Attendees will
learn practical techniques and best practices to enhance the quality of their datasets, leading to more robust and accurate machine-
learning models Zoom Webinar 13 Jan, 2024| 10:00 am - 12:00 pm 13 Jan, 2024 10:00 am - 12:00 pm @ 10:00 am - 12:00 pm © 2024 Moringa
School. All rights reserved. Join Us The webinar aims to provide participants with a comprehensive understanding of the importance of data
cleaning and preprocessing in the machine learning workflow. Attendees will learn practical techniques and best practices to enhance the
quality of their datasets, leading to more robust and accurate machine-learning models Zoom Webinar  Certificates will be available for
collection on November 23rd, 24th, and 27th, 2023, from 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM at Ngong Lane Plaza. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. Join Us Key Highlights: We invite all Moringa School stakeholders, friends, and family to join us in celebrating the
achievements of our graduates. Your support has played a crucial role in their success, and we look forward to sharing this momentous
occasion with you. Dress Code: 8:30 am - 1:00 pm All stakeholders are requested to adhere to a casual formal dress code. Please avoid
rugged jeans, shorts, and tights to ensure a respectful and celebratory atmosphere. Certificate Collection: 17 Nov, 2023 Thank you for
being a part of the Moringa School journey, and we can’t wait to celebrate this exciting day with you! We are excited to celebrate the
accomplishments of our talented students and recognize the vital role they play in shaping the future of technology. Their skills and
expertise are essential for driving innovation and progress in the ever-evolving tech industry. In partnerships With: For further details
and inquiries, please contactaccess@moringaschool.com. Visa Oshwal Community Centre 17 Nov, 2023| 8:30 am - 1:00 pm This graduation will
be the 3rd this year, celebrating the tremendous journey of 996 of our students, who have earned their spot as software developers, data
scientists, product designers and DevOps Engineers. This graduation ceremony is a testament to the relentless pursuit of knowledge, the
power of community, and the boundless potential that each of our graduates possesses. @ 8:30 am - 1:00 pm  Certificates will be available
for collection on November 23rd, 24th, and 27th, 2023, from 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM at Ngong Lane Plaza. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights
reserved. Join Us Key Highlights: We invite all Moringa School stakeholders, friends, and family to join us in celebrating the
achievements of our graduates. Your support has played a crucial role in their success, and we look forward to sharing this momentous
occasion with you. Dress Code: 8:30 am - 1:00 pm All stakeholders are requested to adhere to a casual formal dress code. Please avoid
rugged jeans, shorts, and tights to ensure a respectful and celebratory atmosphere. Certificate Collection: 17 Nov, 2023 Thank you for
being a part of the Moringa School journey, and we can’t wait to celebrate this exciting day with you! We are excited to celebrate the
accomplishments of our talented students and recognize the vital role they play in shaping the future of technology. Their skills and
expertise are essential for driving innovation and progress in the ever-evolving tech industry. In partnerships With: For further details
and inquiries, please contactaccess@moringaschool.com. Visa Oshwal Community Centre 17 Nov, 2023| 8:30 am - 1:00 pm This graduation will
be the 3rd this year, celebrating the tremendous journey of 996 of our students, who have earned their spot as software developers, data
scientists, product designers and DevOps Engineers. This graduation ceremony is a testament to the relentless pursuit of knowledge, the
power of community, and the boundless potential that each of our graduates possesses. @ 8:30 am - 1:00 pm Book Your Seat forJuly 3rd ©
2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. Book Your Seat forJuly 3rd © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights
reserved.  Our Full Stack Software Engineering Curriculum is designed to provide you with a comprehensive understanding of both the front-
end and back-end programming technologies giving you the ability to create complex and robust applications that can scale to meet the
demands of modern businesses. It is a more extensive course of study than the average school offers but our goal is to teach you more than
simply knowing how to code. Students are required to dedicate 6 days to learning for them to succeed in this course.Students will engage
in 20-25 hours of learning weekly including 3 live lectures per week.4 hours of learning each weekday and on SaturdaysHybrid classes with
in-person classes on Tuesdays and Saturdays1:1 sessions with your instructorAdditional helpdesk support on Saturdays from 9 am to 1 pm GMT
This Course is curated for those who want to;Launch a career in tech as a software engineerLearn from industry technical expertsLearn with
a diverse community from all over AfricaBuild and style interactive websites & web applications After completing the Software Engineering
Prep, which covers all the fundamentals, learners will need to tackle Phase 1 and learn how JavaScript works under the hood while gaining
hands-on experience with JavaScript programming, interacting with the DOM, and event listeners. By the end of this course, you will have
gained practical experience working on real-world projects and have a strong understanding of both front-end and back-end development. Our
goal is to help you develop the skills and confidence to succeed in the rapidly growing field of software engineering. Candidates who
can’t afford the fee can easily take the student loan which allows them to go through the entire training without worrying about it.Pay
only N90,720 as a commitment fee and pay the remaining balance after you secure a job. All applicants must meet the eligibility
requirements Flatiron School All students are required to complete an introductory pre-work one week before the start of class. During
pre-work, students will get accustomed to our online learning management system (Canvas), set up their computing environment, and
familiarise themselves with the basics of the programming languages that will prepare them for day 1 of the program. Instructor led,
Hybrid classes Learners will experience ReactJS, a component-based JavaScript framework, and have the opportunity to pick up key industry
skills by building a project that interacts with an API. Find out the pacing options available, price, and more information about this
course. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn market-aligned skills
through our practical and comprehensive curriculum.Practical Hands-on LearningGet job-ready with practical, hands-on learning. You’ll
learn the in-demand market languages and skills, labs, and real-world portfolio developmentTechnical MentorshipLive instructor-led
lectures. Schedule 1:1s with your instructor to work on technical concepts, plan out your pacing, or check in about your program
milestones.Learn in CommunityYou may be learning online, but you’re not alone. You can schedule 1:1s with your instructor for added
guidance 3. 1:1Career Coaching and Graduate SupportReceive career coaching and job-hunting support for up to 12 months post-graduation
This Course is curated for those who want to; It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn
and tackle novel problems. Book Your Seat forJuly 3rd N1,666,720 Be a youth, Aged 21 – 29.Applicant must be a resident of NigeriaBe a
graduate/HND or degree (Applicants must attach their certificationsFully fluent in both written and spoken English and Passionate about
technology. Basic Computer skillsApplicants must have a Laptop that is Core i5,7th Gen and upwards, 500 HDD,8GB RAMHaving completed or is
currently serving NYSC (Must attach the certificate or have an exemption letter)Able to commit to the program fully for 24 weeksHave prior
at least 1-year work experience After completing the four phases, each with their own group project, learners work with instructors to
come up with solo project concepts and spend dedicated time building a truly sophisticated application on their own. Learners receive
plenty of instructor feedback along the way, while diving deep into various advanced technologies needed to bring their concepts to life.
Learners have the opportunity to share or present their final individual project. Students explore version control using git commands
including cloning, branching, merging, rolling back commits, forking, and submitting pull requests. Learners gain a thorough understanding
of back end development basics, while learning a new language, Python. Next, learners will get comfortable with object-oriented
programming and storing information in databases using SQL and object relational mapping. No prior coding knowledge is required. Join our
24 weeks program and learn Software Engineering from scratch. Students master the basic building blocks of how the web is rendered and
become fluent in the language that makes the web beautiful. They additionally learn how to conceive of and build UIs for web apps by
writing well-structured HTML and CSS. © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. To grow as a Software Engineer, you must
be agile and able to learn and adapt, no matter the challenge that you’re given. Our curriculum is designed to provide you with a solid
foundation in programming languages, frameworks, and tools commonly used in the industry. The Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum
covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can become a full-stack developer. Students are required to dedicate 6
days to learning for them to succeed in this course. Course Includes: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python, JSON, and Redux
FrameworksThe Full-Stack Software Engineering Curriculum covers both Back-End and Front-End programming technologies so you can become a
full-stack developer.It is an extensive course of study that not only teaches how to simply code but how to learn and tackle novel
problems. 24 weeks, 6 days in a week from Monday to Saturday from 9am-1pm Course Includes: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, SQL, Python,
JSON, and Redux Frameworks Become acertified professionalin the most exciting careers of today and tomorrow. Learners will master Flask, a
Python web framework, before using it to create their own JSON API along with scalable front ends with React, creating slick, functional,
and interactive applications. If you are in search of a unique learning experience this is the place for you. We guarantee you will learn
market-aligned skills through our practical and comprehensive curriculum. Partnership Launch Event between Moringa School and Impact Hub
Accra Impact Hub- Accra, Ghana © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. Impact Hub- Accra, Ghana Join Nelly Agyemang-
Gyamfi (Group Operations Director – Moringa School), Kelechi Victor Ofoegbu (Chief Operations Officer – Impact Hub Accra), and Setriakor
Nyomi (Director of Technology – Moringa School) this Friday 11th February 2022 as they break down this topic and officially launch the
partnership between Moringa School, and Impact Hub Accra. Topic: Nurturing African Talent […] Who: RSVP LINK:Register Here Comments are
closed. © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. Join Us 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm Topic:Nurturing African Talent for the
Advancement of Tech In Africa 11 Feb, 2022| 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm Where:Impact Hub- Accra, Ghana Time:5.00pm – 7.00pm West African Time Join
Nelly Agyemang-Gyamfi (Group Operations Director – Moringa School), Kelechi Victor Ofoegbu (Chief Operations Officer – Impact Hub Accra),
and Setriakor Nyomi (Director of Technology – Moringa School) this Friday 11th February 2022 as they break down this topic and officially
launch the partnership between Moringa School, and Impact Hub Accra. Date:Friday, 11th Feb 2022 @ 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm 11 Feb, 2022 Impact
Hub- Accra, Ghana Join Nelly Agyemang-Gyamfi (Group Operations Director – Moringa School), Kelechi Victor Ofoegbu (Chief Operations
Officer – Impact Hub Accra), and Setriakor Nyomi (Director of Technology – Moringa School) this Friday 11th February 2022 as they break
down this topic and officially launch the partnership between Moringa School, and Impact Hub Accra. Topic: Nurturing African Talent […]
Who: RSVP LINK:Register Here Comments are closed. © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. Join Us 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm
Topic:Nurturing African Talent for the Advancement of Tech In Africa 11 Feb, 2022| 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm Where:Impact Hub- Accra, Ghana
Time:5.00pm – 7.00pm West African Time Join Nelly Agyemang-Gyamfi (Group Operations Director – Moringa School), Kelechi Victor Ofoegbu
(Chief Operations Officer – Impact Hub Accra), and Setriakor Nyomi (Director of Technology – Moringa School) this Friday 11th February
2022 as they break down this topic and officially launch the partnership between Moringa School, and Impact Hub Accra. Date:Friday, 11th
Feb 2022 @ 5:00 pm - 7:00 pm 11 Feb, 2022 © 2024 Moringa School International. All rights reserved. For Immediate Release, 8th February
2022 Following the announcement of its new CEO, scale-up specialist Snehar Shah, and a Curriculum Agreement with Flatiron School last
month, Moringa School has today hit the refresh button by lifting the veil on its new brand to its stakeholders in the EdTech space in
Kenya and other African Markets, […]  +254 712 293 878 Do you have questions about our Data Science Course? Reach out to our team. Our
Admissions team is always on standby to answer your Admission-related questions. Do you prefer to talk to us on WhatsApp? You can do so
through the number below. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. +254 741 493 565 Ngong Lane, Ngong Lane Plaza, 1st Floor, Nairobi
Kenya Do you have a question about our products? We’d love to hear from you. Here’s how you can reach us.. Get in touch The content
included on this Website, such as data, text, graphics, logos, images, and software and its compilation is the property of the School
and/or its content suppliers and is protected by copyright and trademark laws. In the event you upload any content including, without
limitation, photographs or videos to this Website, you (i) represent to the School and its affiliates that you have all rights necessary
to upload the content; (ii) agree to indemnify the School and its affiliates for any third party infringement or other claims related
thereto; and (iii) hereby license to the School and its affiliates a perpetual non-cancellable royalty-free license to use such uploaded
content for any purposes in any media now existing or hereafter developed. © 2024 Moringa School. All rights reserved. Moringa reserves
the right to make changes to this Website and to modify the Terms at any time at its sole discretion. We encourage you to review the Terms
frequently for modifications. By your use of this Website, you agree to abide by any such modifications to the Terms, which are binding on
you. This Privacy Policy describes the School’s agreement with you regarding how we will handle certain information on the Website. This
Privacy Policy does not address information obtained from other sources such as submissions by mail, phone or other devices or from
personal contact. By accessing the Website and/or providing information to the School on the Website, you consent to the collection, use
and disclosure of certain information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We do collect and keep personally identifiable information
when you choose to voluntarily submit such information. For example, if you choose to fill out a form on the Website we retain the
information submitted by you. You should not submit any information that you do not want to be retained. After we have taken the
appropriate action in response to your submission, we retain the information you submit for our records and to contact you from time to
time. Please note that if we decide to change the manner in which we use or retain personal information, we may update this Privacy
Policy, at our sole discretion. THE SCHOOL MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THIS WEBSITE OR THE MATERIALS AND/OR CONTENT
AND/OR LINKS ON THIS WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. BY YOUR ACCESS TO THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE USING THIS WEBSITE
AND/OR ANY LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AT YOUR OWN RISK. THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED BY THE SCHOOL ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS,
AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE SCHOOL DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION,
MATERIAL, CONTENT, TEXT, GRAPHICS, EMAIL RESPONSES, LINKS, AND OTHER ITEMS CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE OR ON ANY OTHER THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE.
THE SCHOOL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE, ITS SERVERS, OR MESSAGES SENT FROM THE SCHOOL ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL
COMPONENTS. THE SCHOOL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE, OR ITS CONTENT OR ANY THIRD PARTY
MATERIAL OR WEBSITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. A cookie
is a small text file that a website can place on your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping or other administrative purposes. Our
Website may use cookies to help to personalize your experience on the Website. Although most web browsers accept cookies automatically,
usually you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you decide to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully use the
features of the Website. Cookies may also be used at certain sites accessible through links on the Website. Welcome to the Moringa School
website (the “School” or “We” or “Moringa”) located at www.moringaschool.com (the “Website”). The School provides this Website to you
subject to the following Terms of Use and Privacy Policy (together, the “Terms”). When you use this Website, you agree to abide by these
Terms. If you do not agree to abide by these Terms, you may not use this Website. Please read the Terms carefully. This Website may
provide links or references to third-party websites or applications, including without limitation, third-party websites or applications of
advertisers or of providers of informational articles or other users. The School is not responsible for any information you choose to
provide to those third-party websites or applications; any information, products or services you acquire from those third-party websites
or applications, or any damages arising from your access to or use of those third-party websites or applications. THE INFORMATION
CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE AND IN ANY RESPONSES TO YOU ARE INTENDED TO BE FOR GENERAL INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY AND ARE NOT CONFIDENTIAL.
ANY INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE YOU DO AT YOUR OWN RISK. THIS INFORMATION SHOULD NOT BE USED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR CONSULTING WITH THE SCHOOL OR
OTHER PROVIDERS. The School may make changes to the information, content and/or policies contained on this Website or the offerings and/or
services described on this Website or the Website at any time at its sole discretion with or without notice. The School makes no
commitment and undertakes no obligation for it or its users to update the information contained herein. If any of these provisions are
deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and
enforceability of the Terms. We may send you information or materials such as newsletters, ebooks, whitepapers by email or postal mail
when you submit addresses via the Website. By using the Website, you are consenting to our sending you such information or materials.
Moringa does not rent or sell personal information that you choose to provide to us nor does the School disclose credit card or other
personal financial information to third parties other than as necessary to complete a credit card or other financial transaction or as
required by law. The School does engage certain third parties to perform functions and provide services, including, without limitation,
hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, payment transaction, and direct marketing campaigns. We
will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform the functions and provide the
services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your
data. The School is not responsible for the practices or policies of the websites linked to or from the Website, including without
limitation their privacy practices or policies. If you elect to use a link that accesses another party’s website, you will be subject to
that website’s practices and policies. If you do not want to receive promotional information or material, please send an email with your
name, mailing address, and email address tocontact@moringaschool.com. When we receive your request, we may take reasonable steps to remove
your name from such lists. You may also automatically unsubscribe from any promotional messages sent to your addresses by virtue of
selecting the unsubscribe options that will be made available with each message and following the prompts. You agree to use this Website
only for lawful purposes, and you acknowledge that your failure to do so may subject you to civil or criminal liability. You are
responsible for ensuring that any materials you upload, post or submit to this Website do not violate the copyright, trademark, trade
secret or other personal or proprietary rights of any third party and you hereby agree to indemnify the School for any third party
infringement or personal rights claims. You agree not to disrupt, modify, or interfere with this Website or its associated software,
hardware and servers in any way and you agree not to impede or interfere with others’ use of this Website. You further agree not to alter
or tamper with any information or materials on or associated with this Website. Any unauthorized use or violation of these terms
automatically terminates any permission or license granted by the School to access and use this Website. If you merely download material
or browse through the Website, our servers may automatically collect certain information from you which may include: (a) the name of the
domain and host from which you access the Internet; (b) the browser software you use and your operating system; and (c) the Internet
address of the website from which you linked to the Website. The information we automatically collect may be used to improve the Website
to make it as useful as possible for our visitors; however, personal information you choose to provide to us will be secured is NOT to be
shared with the public. The School makes available the information on this Website for informational purposes only. You are solely
responsible for the information you provide on this Website and for the information you use that you view on this Website. Information on
this Website is not intended to be a replacement for direct consultation with the School; if you have questions or concerns, please
contact the School directly. Any links to third-party websites and applications are provided as a convenience to the visitors of this
Website and any inclusion of any such links in this Website does not imply an endorsement or warranty of the third-party websites or
applications or their security, content, products, offerings or services. You are cautioned that any third-party websites or applications
are governed by their own terms of use and privacy policies, so when linking you should make sure to visit the appropriate pages of those
third-party websites or applications to determine what terms of use and privacy policies will apply to your use. By visiting this Website,
you agree that these Terms for all purposes shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Kenya, without regard to
principles of conflict of law, and that any action based on or alleging a breach of these provisions must be brought in a court located in
Kenya. In addition, you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. If you have questions about If you have
questions about the Terms or if you wish that we modify or delete your personal information that we have collected, you can contact us
atcontact@moringaschool.comand ask for our website coordinator. For any period of time that you use this Website and abide by these terms,
the School grants to you a limited, revocable and nonexclusive license to access this Website for your use but not to copy, download or
modify it, or any portion of it, except with the express written consent of the School. This Website or any portion of this Website may
not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, visited or otherwise exploited without the express written consent of the School. You may not
utilize framing to enclose any trademark, logo, content or other proprietary information contained on this Website without the express
written consent of the School. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing the School or its affiliates’ name or
trademarks without the School’s express written consent.
